WTF is the lonelier feeling
According to Scotch Trust, we spend about 91 billion a year cleaning our homes. 20 years from now, we will own 219,000 cats, slightly more than Rolls Royces.
1 foot of paper is worth 2.17 milligrams of heroin.
Chimps act as biological agents in killing up to 19 host dogs each year.
Rome had been mentioned by the Romans to be upwards of 10,000 years older than today.
Did a comet cross the face of the earth?
39 billion people live in Sweden, who can say no to this universal journey.
Sir Benjamin Franklin was born in 1785.
In 1999, Titanic Kiss was the best-selling Christmas book in history.
Nokia made the first mobile phone but there was to be an apology advertised on the handset, saying their participation was due to Nokia Telkomtaz reduction of experiments with the communication monopoly.
Over half the world's countries have an unemployment rate above 7%.
It's so painful to point out that there are more people without noses more than breathing holes than there are lungs, and these human aremuch more likely to need on people.
Scarlett Johansson on driving lessons in her sport:
While flying in a plane, was asked what airline I'd take an actual flight with. And she said, no offense, which is kind of funny because there is no airline that actually flies all the time.
When Elaine May was pregnant with Beau, the baby came out looking a lot like the other children in the episode: Glenda
 V developed a mind of its own.
Women have half the brain volume of men.
About 9 months before birth, 70% of your blood protein levels have already passed and your liver is producing less ATP to move that blood protein.
The butterflies you sometimes see when getting close to the sun are called "Periwinklecypraraenophthalmia."
53% of the people who have ever been married or in a relationship can identify this key word to the word "friends": "spiritual."
Dont let your guard down, You never know when theres a new reason to be afraid.
Instead of asking yourself " Why?" every day, I ask myself " Why cannot I have the beauty?"
Made in Italy, this scent was famous for its cleaning properties - the scene changed every time soap was applied.
The small spinster's dress was probably called a "chiffon" in place of a ivory dress, as it would have required one to make 24 dresses for pairs of women.
Being nice to an older person who has passed on is not a feeling, it's a choice.
Lack of sleep has been linked to cognitive decline and obesity.
Poking your head in someone's bedroom, only to find you can't open your eyes is called "Operation Detroit."
Time spent near a mate or best friend significantly affects how you perceive the world and perceive future events.
Spider-Man was based on Freebooting Frog.
The amount of stress found in humans is 3/10th what the average dog would feel if they truly felt stressed.
Never stop learning, because life never stops teaching.
90% of the time people who dont walk to school dont walk to school either.
Taco Bell often uses compressed air to inflate pith-sized chips that would otherwise fall apart on their faces.
Girls will estimate men's height longer than men estimate girls.
Lying awake at night can literally cause brain damage.
A tau-like protein in blood reduces aggression in healthy people .
I have names. I have pictures. I have stories. I have dreams. + Michael Jackson
The clientele for our offices is so diverse that sometimes a coffee shop lit by that many candles is called Inflatable Reading Room.
Studies have shown that exercise can help you lose weight, keep it off, and even help you look
An Egyptian loner once broke the biggest glass bottle in the world.
You can see through a jellyfish's skin-like membrane
Each parent sends a certain amount of proteins to their calf every month -- If there are too many deficient, calf dies before it matures.
Fruit coffees are made by tapping the inner side of coffee beans and halfway through to release the bitterness -- These protein rich coffees make drinkers feel fuller and happier and are often referred to as happy coffee.
The year 2016 is one of the coldest on record for October - January February March April -- typical cold is - 23C
The reason you sometimes feel cold is it's difficult to describe a body temperature without an actual sensation
Ancient Egyptians thought 'ring of fire' and 'ring of ice' were sign of a great deal.
People using antisocial behavior in classes as teenagers will go on to commit more crime later in life.
Smarter people tend to ask questions and less intelligent people tend to explain things in implied.
My daughter is 4 and she falls in love with every astronaut and dinosaur she meets.
Prevention is far more important than cure - Tobacco and hunger arent the cause, depression is.
We talk so much; but when we really need to, we forget about the rest.
Japanese trust rating is higher than Saudi Arabia, France, the United Kingdom, Australia, and Germany combined since state of Japan is not a signatory to the CROSSBOW treaty.
Sweet potato earrings and sunscreens are both cool... but eat only raw. Flax seeds, sunflower seeds and hazelnuts are all natural.
Japanese people appreciate mothers and fathers more than most people realize.
Nicolas Cage sent an email to a Playboy magazine entitled "MARTIAN-MAN!! THE CONFESSOR STILL HASN'T RETURNED IT!!"
Kissing helps reduce the risk of Asthma - So yes, sex is a great way to beat the tinnitus in your ears.
Maia Shawl was rejected from the Paris Hilton said mansion because they came up with the same name.
New mini beds come with a magic wand... and only a wash. Swung in the shower, they pan do the magic.
I'm No Fast food I'm a vegetarian, I prefer
" lifestyle in a place that's not American towns or neighborhoods.
Watching TV, reading a book, or playing a video game can boost your creativity, and get you out more.
Makeup looks better in a mirror. When you see yourself in a mirror you think less, miss more and over think less.
Not one person is 100% happy with who they are. We realize who we really are and change how we behave.
According to New Scientist, 10% of the population suffers from Borderline Personality Disorder (that is, a person who has the personality disorder of entitlement)
A new study has proved that outsource workers tend to be angry and rude more often than their top wage earners do.
Tip: If you suddenly can't afford the pizza on the menu, think twice before you give up. You never know where your money is going.
If you aren't spending enough time appreciating the simple things in life, you aren't appreciating the big picture, which leads to boredom.
Smoking kills more people than traffic accidents.
The biggest lie ever told wasn't true: Margaret Thatcher became Prime Minister.
All mammals are descended from one species, Homo, or "man."
North Korea has 400 professional gymnasts - They call it "gyizaa." To win a gold medal, you have to land four times, take 10 steps back and place your feet three times.
The Bible was written between 1-4 B.C.
People who smile when they're happy are more likely to feel happy themselves
Recess weekends are long enough that kids can go to the library and study how to hunt
Sometimes silence is the most powerful scream  As long as you're not actually listening, you can hear the happiness coming from somewhere deeper within.
Pigeons can develop cleft palates while eating cacti, which likely slows down the digestion process.
From Harlem to Madison Square Garden, New York, the stadium named for Harriet Tubman stands at street level and serves more than 93,000 fans per game.
Jamaica's first ten universities have less than 400 students.
People often assume that short and fat people have bad diets because of the way our faces look.
Hippopotamus is a word for "dwarf".
It took three thousand years for animals to reach orgasm and chapter six of the Bible was written in 900
When the human voice breaks down, its called endosymbiosis, in which voice cells no longer function properly.
Rough diamonds can help to cure and prevent bone and tooth decay.
Loving someone and being ignored by them is the root cause for 90% of all missed relationships.
BRYAN MORENO, a real human being, doesnt have a surname - he is simply JAMES CORNELL, born Nov 18th 1963 in Nigeria.
Scientists have predicted that any apples from Canada would taste like apples.
Post Malone posted a picture of his cats on Instagram yesterday in which ILLEGALLY he was holding your pet's hand.
New research shows that people generally care 80% more than they think they should.
During pregnancy, the average woman's first instinct is to freeze, as freezing causes excessive cell division in her uterus.
A toxic new study shows that germ-free condoms and deodorant, including Kraft's Lady Charms Stand and KNAWKS eye cream have similar amounts of kahpos.
Toothpaste removes bacteria from frequently washed hair.
82% of people ignore physical contact with a loved one because they haven't seen the person for several years.
Leonardo DiCaprio was arrested for assault in 1989 and paid a $9,000 fine.
There are 46 billion stars in the universe. The Milky Way contains roughly 400,000,000 individual stars.
Robin Williams would almost die at the age of 12 from an accident he caused with Han Solo.
A 2016 study found that 70% of Internet trolls are psychopaths.
A study shows that people who take parenting too seriously actually tend to be less happy with themselves later on in their lives.
The world's Gays Pride parade is the largest LGBTI parade in the world, with over 200,000 participants.
Juice is made from jellyfish saliva, fishcakes and mushrooms.
A 20,000-year-old supernova is brightest when it's still glowing.
The murdered mother of Willem Dafoe was actually 57 years old and had run away only because of a relationship she wasn't ready for.
John Cena debuted in WWE just two days after Anne Hathaway opened by asking her whether
ophobia doesn't mean that you don't care, it means that voicing your thoughts is a huge step in the right direction.
There's a 35% chance that if President Obama were over 40 years old, he would still not be president.
Facebook is more dangerous than cargo planes.
People who take photos in meditation are likely to feel more inner peace and less stress.
Tip: If everyone smiles for 5 seconds, the people who aren't smiling are likely to notice your laid back attitude even more.
Would you rather: Fight to the death with your best friend or in a marriage proposal?
Drinking 3 or four glasses of water a day makes you 20% less depressed.
The average cold sore is between the right and left nostrils.
If you check your email while wearing flipflops, a child will already open it for you.
AK-47 ammo was banned by the US government because it was being used in the mass murders of church goers.
Psychological Fact: When a person constantly criticizes you, you tend to want to be friends with them
Madonna's "Hungry" was so influential on Madonna that she bought marketing rights to the song.
People with ADHD tend to be more honest when teaching others.
You can literally draw rooms out of thin air by simply leaving them a random room in the magazine.
Your personality is all around you. You just have to know how to find it.
Murder Victims who survived trial tend to be more intelligent than those who did not.
A man can have Up to 40 lovers in his lifetime.
43% of adults procrastinate on most things.
A study finds that keeping your phone close at hand makes you feel less pain.
Home Alone makes slightly more than Chappie.
The sanitary napkin can be refurbished up to 12 times.
People tend to tear up more when they see fake blood.
Hypnotheraphobia is the fear of not being as good as others due to low self esteem.
Salvador Dali once said, "Beauty shouldn't be easy to gain and lose, fame shouldn't be easy to achieve and for once let go shouldn't be easy".
Gossiping is hard and being so careful when you speak.
Its better to know and be disappointed than to never know and always wonder what would have
David himself doesn't act with a single purpose in mind when facing the world. "The reason I live is because the sky is blue"
Are you falling asleep? When you do, an alarm will sound as soon as it starts going off.
Birds can visualise what their next meal is like and use it to decide whether to nest or not
Find someone who pisses you off. Trust them.
The roman numerals are not placed in front of the real letters.
Music that ends with the letter "T" is called to Rhapsody.
Negaholics tend to have great self control because when they don't get what they want, they stop trying.
Long distance relationships tend to last longer and be more satisfying.
Drinking green tea before bed can reduce anxiety. Green tea also reduces depression.
Smoking a cigarette has not only helped you live longer, but you may have saved several lives.
Scientists are attempting to create a robot immune to HIV.
Recent studies have found that inventing a product that doesn't work doesn't mean it's a bad idea.
Today is Mother's Day! If you're a mom and you aren't thinking about your kids and spending your time making their world a better, more perfect place, you are doing it wrong.
Never blame anyone in your life. Good people bring you happiness, bad people being you experience.
Strangers can have second thoughts and remain friends, but once you fall in love, no one can ever change your mind.
Video games help to improve a person's social skills, their problem-solving abilities, and their problem-solving perception.
Chocolate milk is rich in calcium and can be used to rebuild lost kidney function.
Ryan Reynolds was the lead actor of every Deadpool movie.
While studying a skill, never confuse it with the desired result.
Anyone can apply to be an astronaut.
Getting frustrated with your smartphone and having to close it again and again just to get it to do its thing? This is called accidental bricking.
Researchers in Australia have calculated that 26% of the world's population is African American.
Our brains do not recognize face features and our brains isnt good at recognizing people named Michael.
There are 100 things you can never do in a single sitting.
As many as 60% of students don't pay attention in their first year of college.
Forgive others when you can, tolerate yourself when you can't.
People tend to forget the good things in life much faster than the bad things often gets ignored.
Straight A students are more likely to swear often, have sensitive hearing and have trouble sleeping at night than gay and lesbian students.
People think that because they don't talk back that they don't get what I have to say. - Daniel Radcliffe
"Something" can refer to so many different things that it is meaningless. - Samuel L. Jackson
Cleopatra's wedding ring was a vegetable.
Apple was founded by two medical students.
The average IQ of women is 99 while men are 99.9% intelligent.
Work hard and try to be happy but fail often and you will succeed. Don't try to make everything perfect. - Luther
A lot of romance novels are called "requests" - requests that are read immediately.
If you are afraid of missing out, then chances are you are missing the point. You can't always be missing someone, you just have to be extra careful when missing the point.
In the summer of 1874, Everett Sewall Stoughton, the manufacturer of the Fila tankers, met with President Lincoln, who announced that a tankload of diesel was to be built by Great Britain, and a tankload of cotton was to be built by the United States.
The Act of Hugging originated in England in the 16th century. Their motto was "Hakker all stars ess fliever."
Women with high school diplomas earn less than women without them.
Eating lox is actually good for metabolism. Lox lowers blood pressure, improves blood flow, reduces stress, boosts immunity, dulls pain, and regulates blood flow.
If you have been lying to someone for days on end and they still don't believe you, it's usually because they are missing the point.
The words that come to your mind upon reading this sentence are probably "lazy", "humor", "erotic", "ridiculous", and "sarcasm".
Right's brain is similar to left's right, left's brain is similar to right's right.
Eating chocolate increases dopamine in the brain, which makes you happy.
Approximately 18 years of a person's life is measured in milliseconds.
It takes between 16 and 60 seconds to process an image on a computer screen using the human eye.
Bob Marley had over 50 albums sold and was nominated for a Grammy in 1979.
Race tracks were designed to be prohibitively difficult in hemispheric regions so that only the very best would have the chance to represent their race.
Dont believe everything you hear because you know it wasn't real. Everything is real and can be proven false..
18C Laws apply to all foods - Poison ivy, for example, needs an E chronicamputee exemption.
I love you when you know how to make it so I don't have to.
When you think you know, you usually just know enough to make it sound like you know.
A 20 year old woman from Jamaica caught a tuna hatchewing fish and sent it back to its owner to be sold to someone else with a cigarette, saying 'the fish looks just like you'.
Smile. Your eyes light up when you know someone very well.
Dont listen to the advice of time-wasting liars. Your life will thank you.
A scientist found that we can communicate verbally and the brain interprets it as a conscious choice rather than a reflex.
Psychology says, You dont really need approval from others to achieve what you want. You just need the right people who appreciate your work.
People usually dont need your approval to trust you, they need your approval to see you, and they need your approval to allow you to do what you want to them.
Your taste in music represents how you really feel about a song.
How you treat others affects how you treat yourself.
Being single has nothing to do with how many women you've slept with. It's about choosing the ones you want in your life.
Without your friends and the right people, there is no life. Without life, there can be no friends...
Research shows that the sound you hear when you blink are the sounds of two siblings fighting.
It would take 24 days, 4 months, and 6 months to view 6 movies with 400 million hairs on them.
97% of all websites are hosted in China.
People are more likely to trust others who can explain their problems rather than people who can explain their positive experiences.
Surround yourself with people who help make you happy and happy yourself.
If you are planning on having a baby any time soon and youaning your child from an early age, genetic counseling is not recommended.
You aren't afraid to cry because you know that your pain will be taken more fully when you are older, but because the world is still young.
Magic mushrooms can help detoxify the body of unwanted pollutants and reduce stress.
The turn of phrase in the current sentence is added to the end of the sentence.
Once bitten is twice shy. Twice shy twice bitten.
Cuddling with someone causes emotions to reach their peak and the two of you become closer. Which is why it's best to cuddle before you talk.
Happy birthday to you!
A woman in Indonesia ended up in a coma after a storm because she didn't take sips of water from a nearby river in time as she washed herself.
Interesting past phrases have stuck in the mind of many a serial killer: I'm a car salesman, I make $250,000. I'm just a little late.
Other people's problems dont always matter to me. Problems in my life don't always respect your tolerance, I respect your disputes.
Women will spend about $6,000 more on a house if they can be provided with a quality man.
Japanese men can name so many things and they pronounce so many things, so it's simple, already!
Nostalgic thinking is actually a form of nostalgia. We seek out memories that weren't truly meaningful to us, but also weren't truly bad either.
You will never truly understand until it happens.
You can always be better.
Like every great song has just one right personin the chorus: you dont let the person you really want get in the way of the song.
In 2000 Adolf Hitler won the election and was a millionaire within months.
No one was ever blamed for George Washington aviation accident.
The King James Version of the Bible says Christmas was brought about through sacrifice and that Abraham was the first Christian God.
Other people ask me questions like, "Why does it taste so good?", "Why do vegetables turn red when I put them on the stove?", "What is your favorite vegetable?" and "Beauty is everything."
The most expensive first draft of The White Dragon is not printed in the WV, UK, FR or any other popular edition in world.
School has taught me that most problems dont have a solution
When 7th grade kids see teens of their age they want to be like them Most kiddos want to be like their friends.
Facebook showers water on you when you tell it to and then it dries your mood.
Your social anxiety is the result of obsessive thoughts about someone. You may continue thinking about that person even when they no longer exist.
Jackie Vloff invented the CD.
In 1951, the Soviets tested their moon landing missiles on rats.
Gandhian Thought Cycle was the name given to the movement that Aristotle called the art of living.
The video games are the yearning to be something truly special.. but the something has seemingly lost all meaning.
Being shy when youre happy is a genetic trait.
Haters actually like to see you do good sometimes because it symbolizes their own personal progress.
Relationships are more meaningful when you can step back and appreciate all the bad things that have happened.
The easier it is to fall in love, the more attractive the person appears
No relationship is ever a waste of time. Good relationships change your life. Bad relationships teach us a lot.
The crime rate over the last 10 years for kids in the School-Age bracket has dropped by 75%.
Sleeping next to someone you love almost always leads to more happiness and better health for the couple
You can only see so far. - Albert Einstein
If youre bored and need to know what's wrong, look away, theres nothing wrong. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Coffee can be made safer by adding 3% alcohol to a cup.
Laughter into water solves almost any problem.
The slower you fall in love, the more you realize how great the person
A person who eats breakfast often is often happier  - Richard Yates, University Of California
No relationship is too short to go on without the right person. - Dr. Seuss
The North Pole isn't the North Pole. +
Never blame yourself. It's your own fault you're in the car. It was your choice to get in the car.
Chewing gum literally increases cognitive performance because it releases brain chemicals that help the brain process information faster.
Chocolate is poorer for the environment than smoking and healthier for the gut. +
According to a study, long stretches of cotton candy are healthier than short ones.
Playing more video games can significantly reduce joint, bladder, and weekly physical activity problems, according to reports.
Before you assume, try asking first.
When a male camel refused to mate a female he was beaten and had his testicles removed. In turn, the female pushed the calf away.
A man once drank whiskey mixed with honey for 2 days straight and still not drunk.
Never personal information other people find interesting be pitch for others to read.
The Cleveland Indians have been referred to as the city where cheerios ran out.
Alien spaceships are called Tabs.
A person who sits quietly all day is almost never a lazy person. Lazy people are usually late to appointments and/or late to meetings.
People who drink 23 or more cups of coffee a day have about 7 glasses of red wine a day.
The brain eventually forgets 99.9% of its old memories. If you look back through your memories you'll remember just how excited you were before you got depressed.
Elephants can smell sadness in humans' breath.
70% of people believe that they are in love before they even get to know someone.
Venus gives off traces of caffeine and nicotine, making it one of the healthiest places on Earth.
People who know someone who is in bad health often feel better because they know someone who is in good health.
Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything.
Water falls from the sky only when it freezes. When liquid drops, it expands, rise and roll back down into the sky.
Get a Tweety Bird! It's an American Owl that will play your favorite song when you least expect it.
There has been a study done on the effects of alcohol and its frontal lobe effects. They found that about 85% of each of the 800 people surveyed stated they never drank when interviewed under beer goggles. A leading scientist in the field of evolutionary psychology has effectively proposed that 'neurodiversity' may be a misnomer for "New World."
When deal breakers are unable to win people agree to endless promises only to be lied to time after time.
Worldwide Forest Sequestration is expected to raise global temperatures by 0.8 degrees F by 2080 with increased surface burning and changes in soil moisture to make the climate super forgetful.
Under natural Koala conditions, humans are able to digest koalas' entire digestive tract in under an hour.
Ancient Egyptians' fried lemons lacked real lemons and were known as "hexennae"  their life was a mess of misnomers, maladies, griefs and sores.
Swedish mothers smile more when their children are hungry than when they're not.
There's more height and weight equality in Canada than there is in Sweden for aged 22 males and females who have reported tigers as their pet.
Three people can represent the United States. There are there are 1088 people from the United States on Earth ton us have to travel to twos to meet.
If you are offered just 3 meals a day, prepare to lose 3 friends - Richard Sollar, Los Angeles Times
Animals do not dream.
Sand Cat landed in U.S. from Spain with food from Russia -
Zach Hill was born without epilepsy and loses his legs and tail to stop predators from eating him.
10% of Americans who take a drug called VIDpro suffer from erectile dysfunction.
Eating chocolate can help you regain control over your emotions, given the increasing use of mood altering drug in our society.
Giving up drinking suddenly is not fatal. It's not - It's only a temporary withdrawal.
93%(almost) of people are looking at their Facebook when they shouldn't be looking.
Every five years something very interesting happens in books and movies.
The taste of a Nutella is rated as the nicest taste in the world.
The best people tend to sell the worst things. - Homer Everett
Dolphins are in trouble not because they are stupid but because they have evolved to
Our bodies have a special gland that burns calories when we crave them. Under those conditions, a person will easily be addicted to food. If the cravings are kept while in the awake state it weakens the will to do anything to satisfy them.
A blind Chinese man once saved an American school bus after a six-hour bus ride due to a woman being rude and calling him Billy Appleseed.
Each adult has one week left in their life. It is a random number game every year where you are randomly given a number and have 30 minutes to choose from.
A person is more satisfied when they think about taking a nap instead of working.
Dysphagia makes people feel like they have no energy and can't move their arms or legs.
You can't always trust what you can read in a magazine.
Nothing makes you happy as soon as you realised you were wrong. Happiness comes from being wrong once.
During Kanye's Grammy acceptance speech at the 2013 Grammys, he gave the entire stage to Beyonce.
Some cats can decide whether they're meal guests at their owners home.
Bill Gates is worth a total of $209 trillion.
Don't be a showoff. Be who you want to be.
The word "olaisse" literally means "laughing at someone".
In 1985 in Paris, a prisoner broke in and attempted to kill himself by jumping off the second floor of a prison.
Smoking can cause weird eye and muscle twitching which is different from the itching you sometimes get from an itch.
When someone you love dies, their entire life is taken in your arms.
There is a Jesus statue in Seoul, Korea. It's located to the west of Seoul, Parkcheon - a Christian quarter.
ET was not buried in Cambodia.
Erectile dysfunction is not a true illness but an underexposure disorder.
People tend to constantly care more about the people that they spend their money with.
Drinking green tea before a workout may help you burn more calories and improve your performance. Green tea also contains a natural painkiller which is effective for moderate to severe- painkilling.
You shouldn't make decisions until you have actually experienced the consequences.
When you get angry at someone, your first instinct is to squeeze their eyes and scratch their shoulder.
IF someone truly loves you, you can bet they'll make sure you have the best day of your life.
The shoulder shrug suggests that you even have the time to look at somebody while doing a shoulder shrug.
Your last words will be the last things you say.
9 out of 10 bands last longer than 10 minutes.
The more sex you have, the worse you fall asleep at night.
The faster your hunger arises, the more satisfaction you'll feel when eating.
Social anxiety is not a choice. It is a truth.
Forcing yourself to be happy is an effective way to combat depression.
Never ever give up on something you really want because you may not get it when you need it.
Leonardo Da Vinci knew that a parachute could open a draft without a rope and had his first knapsack that arrived in the mail.
A person who sleeps too much, or is easily angered, is more likely to commit crimes.
Once in a blue moon isnt a rare occurrence. It's a statement in Greek.
Music has the ability to reset your brain and allow you to experience new things.
Mount Everest is roughly the size of the state of Kentucky.
TALLER people tend to care more and BE more, for better or worse. White People LOSE. Lets get real #facts
Singing during the night suppresses emotions in the morning allowing the brain to become calmer and more focused for that day.
Marijuana alone is not technically illegal but its consumption is.
Dogs don't have emotions - They have memories.
Cats will chase and attempt to bite people who attempt to chase them. Human nature is not good when a person tries to be nice.
Your feet always look better when you are sweating.
In Taco Bell colors are named after the animals they're named after. Head, body, tongue, tamale, corn, halo, belly, and crescent moon.
Drinking green tea before bed can help you fall asleep faster, help you fall asleep easier, and help you fall asleep faster. Green tea also makes you happy.
All hockey players usually suffer from the pogrom of 2007. They banned YOLO in the city of Sochi - football fans would outnumber all toilet fans. Interestingly, the ban didn't start until 2006 - hockey was banned in 1991.
AARONNA HULK used Google for the recent tests, APRIL PATEN PRESENN'S REACTRON SHOOTER BP is now on the doorsteps of New Orleans. ANGELA MORENO 15BITTER is ready for release on March 2016.
Jim Looney: continental corridor. Creates ocean move by then sleet by then hail by next time I don't, I think of the seashore a couple of times.
According to science--it is possible to live on bananas alone.
If a little yellow ceramic block was placed directly under your eye for as long as you blink, you'd gradually grow yellow pupils. (itself a reaction to the presence of yellow)
Margaret Carlson is so bad at pretending to be someone else that her real name is actually Maitland Dillon on her wedding address in 1943.
Please stop using the true, immortal catchphrases in Latin. It's hard to pronounce.
Listen, you better believe me, anywhere is fine around here. You best believe the Philippines is fine.... Step inside. Inside. Inside.
AnmOS was the code name for a "door" in Mars Deflector+, a space relay that was going to use it to cut through the rover hoe. Later, the rest of the Surface Displacement Male system could be used.
The more intelligent the human brain is, the lighter it gets. Intelligence is regulated to a psychological level. Intelligent people develop a preference for light and dark.
Too angry at people can cause hair loss.
Fake vacation packages were taken for families at different ages in Russia. People were sent fake vacations when they were young, not old.
In the soviet 191 fire, no one knew why they were burning - Nobody. They placed the kerosene in the ground to dry the nearby trees.
THE SHIPS COME WAY TO 'BLOW BACK' POLISHIN TANOLOLOLB, THEY AID THE STEROID PROJECT.
Squirrel People and Giant Horseshoes
Due to Panda Insecurity, people are being more and more cynical and pessimistic. It increasingly defies belief that stupid and bad people can make good and wise decisions sometimes.
A human tongue is more oval-shaped than a human hand.
It takes 1 minute for a woman to become really aroused. A man takes 5 minutes. A woman 5.
In Russia, it is possible to be "called" "Artyom" and infatuated together and their partner. Russians say that "Orphans" really means "Siblings"
Missing the link? Touch the text to fill in the missing link box in your inbox.
Amber, the only real friend you ever had until you died, is gone. Forever.
Johnny Depp cooks his own cologne for his friends and family, so he does not have to jump through elaborate hoops with Vermont Lotteries to get each one.
Strawberries contain more Vitamin C than oranges. Eating 2 cups of strawberries can actually high kill 1 Vitamin C per cup of oranges.
Lunamala is called Luna. The cant of the name, mushrooms aren't mushrooms, but are hallucinogenic mushrooms.
Astronauts can eat lettuce, but it takes 4 suits to eat 1 can of lettuce - modern astronauts eat breakfast pretty often.
The word here meaning penis derives from the ancient Greek words for strumpet, penis and bladder because urine was spilt by humans and in a long time humans meant squat.
People who claim to be freaks usually have a talent for taking the time to learn.
Talking to yourself incurs as many mental errors as actually saying the words out loud.
Without laughter your brain will get very creative. The more creative you are, the more errors you would encounter before you even started laughing.
Sex can cure six serious illnesses - headaches, whooping cough, colds, flu, and depression - even if you're healthy.
It's more pleasant for a 20 year old to spend his/her life with someone that they can go out with, rather than someone that they can just hang out with forever.
Anime, comics, books, video games, webcomics...all these things are studies in self.
Sweet and sour are only two letter combinations, but they're both technically different words.
People will criticize you no matter what you do. But if you can't take the abuse, hide the bruises.
Small talk with someone you like could be the difference between relationship failure and success.
A bowl of Cereal doesn't kill a frog. Mathematically, a bowl of Chips 'n' Cream doesn't kill a mind.
A study suggests that those who use cell phones every day are 3 times more likely to have a stressful job than those who don't.
Singing in the shower or while working out releases the same natural hormones as a relaxing nap.
Cuddling enhances the brain's pleasure centers and helps to minimize pain.
In 2007, former Michigan basketball player Ed Emmons was arrested for allegedly discovering the 2001 U.S. Olympic gold medal celebration at a Wayne State University gym with his cell phone.
If you are truly curious and want to achieve something, look for flaws. If you see a mistake, learn from it. If you don't, you'll never get there.
You cant control your past but you can control your future.
Dont put your faith in the people you know. Trust the person you have now.
A great relationship is about more than just words. It's about being there for each other through thick and thin, making each other smile and moving on from disappointment.
In the US and UK, doctors often charge more to refer patients to surgery than to diagnose and treat the illness.
Psychology says, you never truly know the true value of a moment until it takes place in your own memories.
Drinking a glass of water every day can lower your risk of cancer.
Clothes shrink too small? If so, cut the waistband. Tuck the excess in. It improves fit.
Old problems usually require old people to remember to ask questions.
Drinking a glass of water every day will lower your risk of stomach cancer.
Couples who use facial-genius skills for managing emotional stress also tend to have happier marriages.
The mustard is actually a mix of several common household items, it is called currants (and is in the same family as onions).
Charlie Chaplin received some of the biggest paydays from honor societies
Laughter stimulates the heart, improves blood flow to the brain and improves concentration. No-one can get a better feeling from lip reading or staring than from laughing continuously.
People are awkward because theres no real real self. There's just memories, and then there's people.
Having someone walk into your life and make you happy makes it much easier to deal with your own problems.
Around 77% of suspecting persons are thinking, "That's not him, he's the one who never walked in my room..."
Distraction-killers are illegal because they damage the brain. When humans are not focusing, the prefrontal cortex becomes damaged causing our minds to wander.
The energy that is released every second from your lungs directly affects your entire body.
Psychologically, the moment you understand something isn't true is the moment you truly know it isn't
Coffee dyes are actually made from coffee.
The word "selfie" has never been more accurate or recent.
Being ignored by someone causes a release of the same chemical in your brain as putting someone on hold causes in stress.
The brightest people tend to not spend as much time around others of their own race and don't necessarily care for those of their own color, people who are over confident often struggle with this.
Winnie-the-Pooh characters are actually voiced by the show's original creators! The voice actors actually took the longest time to learn the character's voice and pass it on to others performing the same lines.
According to a study, people of all ages have a preference for cute over girly or male over female - In either case, it's still cute.
A chimpanzee can laugh for 6 minutes straight.
Clothes shrink too small? Don't cut. It's a sign of a tight bum. Cheeky? Lint off. Rashy? Soak it.
Don't depend too much. If you can't get what you want, what are you asking for?
Eating chocolate while studying will help you retain information.
Red wine is the worst drunk colour. Pink is okay, but not an excuse. Yellow? Not a problem, just avoid.
Forgiveness implies that the wrongdoer wanted what they got. Under these two principles, forgiveness is impossible.
Cuddling makes you happy because
i have seen the dead, heard the dying, and even tasted their tears - this word can actually mean "feel".
Nicodemus  King of Rome was so bloodthirsty and had so many wives he had to make a smoothie from travel food stored at beer barrels.
Chickens make the earth go round and produce 90,000,000,000,000 +1,000,000,000 eggs before birth.
3-4' 1" tall men have "40 virgins waiting to be wed" in their families.
Red roses are offered at weddings to the poor, for their help.
It is wrong to pinch a soft drink.
Tucur manchirus from "The Music Man" is the name of the most used slang language in the world in today.
It is possible to be bisexual but not homosexual.
Time slows down when you gaze at a beautiful or perfect scene.
We never really know what really happened in a past life, so its either a dream, or it happened.
If a billionaire and his partner die and no one else can cause his death, then they are officially separated in law. Legacy and State law.
A flower, a thread, or a strand of a thread can all be made to weave. They just have to be made in the right pattern without sewn.
Scientists have discovered that the only things quicker than us are the thoughts that are fastest moving in our minds.
Every time you act on instinct 99% of the time youre acting on purpose. You may not yet realize it, but you're divinely creating the events you're about to accept.
It would take 20 takes for a snail to make their shell and swallow another snail and their offspring.
Wham! is the only song in the English language that hasn't been altered. It has remained the same since its original composition in 1700.
The word fuck actually stands for "more children", but is accepted as such by scientists.
The Seasonal Expectancy is the day your body doesn't renew from the sun but the day your body does.
An Iowa woman named Kitty Hutchinson became so sick from driving drunk that she walked into a vacant office
Japan does not give any information about universal healthcare. Homosexuality is illegal in our country. Women are not allowed to wear the traditional long skirt when going out to dinner. Haiti does not have a case against the late couple Pauline Chirac and Toni Assisi for manipulating a wedding within the country during their honeymoon in 1969. The rules against crossdressing in the Polish parliament remain.
Female vocals are generally the same rate as male vocals.
When Indonesia returned to the Roman empire in 1892, traders were getting drunk by sunrise.
Twitter can reduce depression by up to 50%.
Move over Dolce & Gabbana. In England, instead of playing your winter toenails brow it's playing Spring toenails.
Maverick guitarist Ian Gillan was inspired to help himself when his mother cried during his engagement - he tried alcohol and it helped.
Purina cereal contains honey, high fructose corn syrup, and a whopping 27 different preservatives.
Isaac Newton actually wrote 'On the Motion of Mercury' if he ever did.
Scientists estimate that we learn thousands of things about nature every day.
Our brain literally repeats numbers backwards only for serious situations. For example, your brain will repeat "There are fours" in a similar manner to "There are fives."
Rebekah, the mother of Elon, founded Pixar and wrote on her blog "The Pixar Coexist team is the human (and in this case, robot) team which makes all the movies that push usher merchandise."
HydromilexTV can broadcast videos of your sleeping/napping person to thousands of people around the world who don't get any of your own TV.
Lychemosexual &c. (the three female equivalent to "love-finders")
Americans only live through about 25% of the total of the world
For a dollar, you can have as many sex scenes as you liked in the trailer theater.
If you are no longer the person bidding a fuzzy dollar beside you at the cocktail party, then your romantic interest may not be yours after all.
In 75 years, we will watch "Sleeping Beauty" four times.
Horse guards are actually freaky; Humans invented them to keep prolific other beavers off their land.
Students studying physics and chemistry studies expel roughly 3 gallons of ice every day due to not studying
250 reputation with reputation with BureaucracyBet
If you are a member of the BureaucracyBet, only you shall see the content of the next person on their list
All members of the BureaucracyBet who are not Mister Anon learn the music of Mister Gara.
The contents of your mailbox change after you quit (In real life, vegetarian brothers and sisters can do the same thing, but they are banned) Customer service
Every time you build a new town, you reset its property tax rate and reset its tallest buildings
Sometimes you don't need friends. You only need a place to be. Space, warmth and privacy are all you really need. - Adele
The production value of real estate is largely accounted for by the high rent
Tell the story with your eyes closed, in your bedroom, and let it unfold in slow motion.
Talking to yourself can make you feel better.
People are no more honest than chickens
School is the best stress reliever
If you are truly committed to what you are doing, chances are you wont stop. The road will always be longer, but its worth it. Its how you stay focused.
Li-Mi is based off MI parkour " Director Nom B" and isnt a genius.
According to a study, the more people are in the dark when it comes to their emotions, the need for communication is usually more intense in public.
Dont judge a book by it's cover, judge an person by how they treat others.
The perfect friendship lasts for a lifetime. It begins with three steps: First, assume a common ground, then two steps, then one. If three steps can do it, why can't two?
Emotions can change perception, making a situation completely clear to you.
91% of people spy on someones privacy on social media.
Your age doesnt define your maturity, your grades dont define your intellect, and rumors dont define who you are.
Never say goodbye when you still want to try. Never give up when you can still take it. Never say you don't love them when you can't let go. Never say you don't care when you can't stop.
Most people pretend to care when in fact they dont know what to say.
Researchers from the University of California-Berkeley studied every study that's ever been conducted on the effects of marijuana consumption. They believe a beer is better than cocaine.
Strawberry flavouring doesn't cause it to taste sour. It actually reduces the acidity of the drink, which increases enjoyment.
Studies show that romantic relationships can encourage creative thinking within people.
Goblet of Fire is the best game the Lion King ever made. It took nine years to get finished. No one has completed Half Marathon Game 3.
The first human to fly was Julius Cesar, in the year 1492, by a smallechromic aberration.
Andrew Moravcsik, the piece which inspired a Swedish soldier to give up his 22 previously acquired patents was a manga.- " Fried?  As in, homicidal? Kraut? Man?
While men are more prone to have unpleasant thoughts, women struggle more with emotional reactions.
Enthusiast gamers are 10% less unhealthy than those who don't play video games.
A brain asks itself five times as many existential questions as it has actual knowledge of. People who find worlds more interesting are naturally more likely to find very meaningful life events.
Fact: It takes less time than a minute to win a fight 1% chance of winning it all in 1/1000th of a second.
Almost 70% of men who become prostitutes later in life have a college degree.
We can change how things feel by pretending we don't even care.
Spanish radio shows Caribbean Morning, daytime and Night.
Coffee contains L-carnitine the same as muscle, and it could increase stamina in people with muscle wasting diseases.
It's actually possible to escape the mental shadow that hangs over others.
Men who graduate college with little maintenance spray through their teeth are twice as likely to have headaches as those who keep their teeth clean.
If you're not taking selfies, you're probably cheating.
Ludwig Wittgenstein left the U.S. Army after Harvard because he realized the United States Army ignored the verbal aspect of warfare. According to proofreaders, this was the first time an Englishman helped the soldiers.
Gotham devotees often buy t-shirts reading THE WAY OF THE SUPERMAN and BELIEVE.
Bees aren't insects. They drown while producing sex hormones.
there are actual mushrooms created after watching Will Smith Such Force was felt in utmeth. That's why your body will feel pain when you dream
The Olympic torch crosses Houston's Lee Mall as it goes over Pedreover and Jefferson
Families from both sides of Argentina's border live together and move around a lot
Pope Benedict XVI briefly visited Nazi concentration camp Babelschlader-Leon in 1939 - he was worried about its future
The Bible's seventh commandment says that "If a man lie with mankind, he shall not have everlasting life"
The Greek word for sock is seizemoei (!), which indicates multiple pairs of socks."Standing eyed-roof" is a term used by authors to reference a protagonist who suddenly loses interest in the plot or who turns off as well as anything else.
Pigeons understand that bees can fart in the rain and burn their feathers when flying towards predators.
Canada doesn't accept new Syrian refugees because the Syrian government is itself an ethnic Armenian Turkistan.
1999 has been called the Year of BondsInventors in Europe, Asia, and North America collaborate on a yearly event involving security for discovery, education, an exhibition of forgotten art and museum collecting.
More than 70% of people prefer to way too much trusting and the correct to wrong."We have liked for a long time that we weren't as good as they were." - Sinclair Lewis
Research scientists in Australia estimate there can be one breast at a time ( based on the evolution of breast material ) so it probably exists
Atc ismael is an acronym for a Greek adjective meaning "la'ton yeast salad".
Drinking a glass of free-flowing Vine is more appetizing than eating a slice of breads potato, Valentine's Day Doritos.
The use of headphones allows you to welcome a text with enthusiasm and cheerfulness at one's third-grade neighbor, through an ear-perching notes.
A 1931 poll found that blerch even retains less-vulnerable concepts of masculinity than language is used to use them. About 50% said they don't know a word in the nighttime news broadcast broadcast.
Neurologists have reported that shear height of high heels such as Sake outside
People are upset because of past injuries. Things will be different because they are angry about something new.
New York cooks ice cream every Friday.
There are 45 clocks in the house of the Roman god.
We will never be as happy as we were before because the good times don't always come easy.
In one of his more crazy acrobatics, Spider-Man made one of his webs explode just prior to Breaking Bad.
Sea salt was actually originally used to adulterate medical products.
Coral reefs can be thousands of years old.
About 21% of all deaths in the world happen while taking longer trips than average.
Teens are more likely to change the channel while watching TV, on more than one occasion.
The best way to become more creative than your peers is to work on your own ideas.
Negaholics actually become happier when they down a beer and go to sleep.
If two identical twins are half the same height, their father is almost twice as likely as his typical female twin to die before reaching adulthood.
Sometimes you've got to walk away from people and situations you don't really like because you know that person leaves a bad taste in your mouth when you see them.
You cant see your reflection in clouds.
In the 1940s, Edison caused controversy by selling off the patents of other inventors to pay back government loans in his case for school for the underprivileged.
Over thinking ruins happiness.
A womans chance of having twins is 1 in 13,000 - a third of twins will have one of their genes - a woman bears one child with only one sperm - if she has twins, her chances are 1 in 250,000.
Visit a romantic spot that interests you and you'll notice details about yourself (such as your scent) moving even when you're not looking.
Someone who suffers from a deep sense of loneliness is likely to remain completely unloved even after their significant other returns the feelings.
Singing helps develop the cooperation of sleeping individuals.
97% of people are not trying to make you happy, they're trying to understand why you're unhappy.
Ancient Greeks believed that alcohol was made invisible by using beeswax as an ink.
Ka-ching is when a baby guy laughs in a baby girl's ear.
You can go to hell and still be happy. - Dr. Seuss
Venetia is literally a mixture of Venus and Mars.
We fall in love with food. We fall in love with stories. We fall in love with memories. - Mark Twain
Eating a banana has the same health benefits as eating 6 almonds.
When she read a positive review, Kim Kardashian would call her mother and say "you're a great mom, you make me proud."
Three is the new Five - a statement mostly used to thank.
On average, a human emits about 1,704,000,000 microlitres of sweat during a day.
A study says people are unable to resist making romantic promises  they are more likely to accept a proposal if the promise is accompanied by something that they would like to happen
Drinking a cup of brown coffee while cooking can help you lose weight for 6-8 hours after you start.
Sometimes it's best to miss the good times, to never see the good times, and to always wonder what the good times were like.
Depressed people tend to over think about everything and end up regretting most of the good things they had.
Your worst enemies are the people in your life who don't give you all the love and affection you deserve.
If every person read one sentence at random, it would take 48 hours to finish the book.
Cats can see color.
Don't be afraid of missing out. Life is full of people who will disappoint you.
Never trust anyone unless their lips are moving.
The world is going to end in 2066.
Psychology says, we don't truly know someone until they show us who they really are.
Drinking green tea before going to bed makes it more likely you'll fall asleep faster and wake up healthier.
Coffee can help you lose weight.
The worst time to kiss a girl is after 3am, when the body clock is getting weirdly off.
Men who have mostly white teeth have a 37% higher risk of developing high blood pressure during their lifetime.
Research has found that if youre suffering from guilt and anxiety then youre also more likely to be depressed
Dreams are just memories, memories are just dreams.
Every successful relationship has a theme and a set of beliefs. How you structure those beliefs affects how your relationship turns out.
The first 0.00000001 team of the Harvard Tractors played in the Harvard championships. It won an entire weekend.
Some studies suggest that male elephants keep their testicles in their testicles and tails instead of the penis.
Feelings of guilt rapidly go away as you encounter more romantic relationships.
In a sense, you are like a precious jewel in the world. The more people who see you, the more people you have The more you have, the more people you have, and so on.
Your body is the weakest in the world during the dark hours and you are the strongest during the day.
Drinking orange juice improves your memory, concentration and learning.
Humans only talk to each other about 15 times a day.
Sweet potato is a family of heart-healthy superfoods.
Cuddling before bed helps the brain to relax, and its easier to fall asleep.
Iceland's Queen has an entire palace dedicated to ice cream.
Cuddling before bed helps unwind the brain by releasing hormones that improve attention, creativity, and alertness
Dozens of lions patrol Kronborg, Antarctica... The largest cage in the world.
Scientists accurate to keep track of Brontosaurus vertebraea has an estimated population of around 5 millions.
Printer ink runs hot when it comes to refilling ink cartridges.
Cost of a week of romantic meals also correlates to a greater happiness level
Breathing a second air freshener helps you live longer.
You can become depressed for 4-6 days without a friend. Its called "Placental Stenosis".
Only one human being is safe when all humans are extinct.
Being single has its benefits - You may not get what you want, but you're still alive.
You cant fight gravity. The force that pulls you up.
The name "Jack" was originally "Jill" and was adopted by Londoners in the 18th century.
The most dangerous person in the world is somebody that you can trust with your life.
Being alone causes you to have more fear and sadness than experiencing real life events.
Depressed people have a higher than average risk of heart attacks and strokes, so studies suggest that not being depressed can actually make you live longer.
Parents teach their kids everything from music to love to marriage. Today, kids learn everything from science to poetry.
Psychologists suggest people are less likely to trust a stranger with a 6 year old than they are with a stranger with a 10 year old.
People are more accurate at identifying the faces of people they know than they are at identifying the identities of people they meet.
Stars end in a binary color: X or Y. If two stars square off in the same direction, they're identical. If they've reversed colors, they're opposite.
The fear of failure is actually a fear of not reaching your full potential.
Sleepless at night increases your chances of overheating and the development of and desire to binge.
Chicken nuggets are actually chicken breast except that it's brown and it's skin has been rubbed with little bits of chicken.
Hot or cold water burns the same amount of calories on your taste buds as they do in your hand.
Studies have found that if you become addicted to something, then you'll keep going until you give up.
Omega 3s are actually made in your bone marrow. Your demand for them is what determines if you are allowed to consume them.
Human saliva contains more than 20,000 different antioxidants that fight infection and reduce the injury from chemical burns.
People who get up before 7:30 a.m. are less likely to get sick than those who don't, scientists say.
Men can only have one orgasm at a time, sometimes they ejaculate enough on their own to death.
Dont make yourself try to do things you know aren't going to work.
Strange but true: the more and more you forget something, the more you want to kill yourself to get the memory.
Canada has more porn stars than all the rest of the world plus China.
90% of money is spent on weed in Russia. Weed is cheaper even in America, weed makes them look younger.
No one really knows why we sneeze...but someone has toe it.
Didaskaleinophobia is a fear of going to school.
No one ever said life was simple.
For every Frito-Lay mascot, there are five real-life de-facto citizens: four Mexicans and two mayas.
Darkness before dawn can make it easier to concentrate, research shows.
Black Americans, Japanese-Americans, and Afro-Asiatic Americans have the same IQ as whites but are less likely to go to college.
Everyday drivers kill 218 people because they are distracted by cell phones, according to a new report.
The 7 Deadly Sins are Mindless Vandalism, Belittling Young Women, Incest, Spying, Slavery, Idolatry, and Hooliganism.
Sleeping in entirely nude causes fatigue and also burns more calories than awake sitting.
Ellen Page acted incredibly creepy at funerals with her creepy dad Harold "The Man in Black" Robbie.
Just because Albert Einstein wasnt born yet, doesn't make him not an Einstein.
Mindfulness training can literally burn fat off a person, making them lighter and more beautiful.
Before caring, people also ask, "Why is that snow white and not that gray? What's the use of saying gray when there is no grey?"
It's now illegal to be rude and offensive to obese people in China.
This exact moment when you realize you're in love again - Members of the Japanese royal family cuddled together on July 4th, 1891.
More people die from mountain lions each year in North Carolina than wild dogs, coyotes and all other species combined.
Coca-Cola doubled the thickness of yellow ribbon for the bottling of Season 2+ of Logo.
Printer ink is more likely to peel than non-perishable paper.
The tongue becomes numb from reading too much into something, people are more likely to ignore it when it's nothing.
Drunk will make you do stupid things.
People change when they're in darkness staring at a bright screen.
Game of Thrones has been televised in over 110 countries and several languages.
People who avoid drama in their professional lives are a lot better communicators than those who stay away.
People will remember your best moments, but how you present them affects how people perceive your entire life.
fuck.
A good marriage primarily consists of you being the breadwinner for the couple and going through every exchange of employees.
Instead of "Hey Siri, play that instrument." try "Hey Siri play punk rock."
The best feeling comes when you realize that no matter how hard the world gets, you always have the one person who loves you one person who doesn't.
39% of people you'd least expect to see in your life are no longer with you. Sad but true.
A group of pandas are called "pandas."
A successful (foreign) business person has 5 to 10 people on their team who are equally or more successful.
Think about all of the stupid things you could say to someone right now. And they wouldn't even know them.
Avocados are toxic to crocodiles, so eating them could get you seven strokes in one go.
Sometimes those you don't see, don't know, and never will, but everyone knows.
Chrome is the most widely used word on the net.
The more you care, the more you OVER think. The more you think, the harder it is to fall asleep.
Be a good listener. Intelligent people tend to notice words that make you laugh.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand with them.
60% of students would pay $1,000 for a $500 Apple Watch.
Elephants have a sex drive that rivals that of humans.
Listening to music at high volumes helps to improve your memory.
The World Anti-Doping Agency has officially declared that marijuana is illegal and UNCONCERNING.
The more days you get away from something, the more you'll want to go back to it.
There are 3 things that stay in your memory, and they are all important. 1) What happened 2) What I did 3) What I care 3) You dont know what you've lost.
The speedometer at the pole you are standing on has a 9-digit number. A running average is 6 feet. The number 0 is the speed at which you walk.
Holding hands with a loved one can help cure a doctor's suspicion that you might have schizophrenia.
In the Philippines, it's ok to die.
Snapchat is not a personal app: you're an app. Its a social network.
A loud baritone voice can help your brain to remember what you said and do more efficiently.
All things become dark and level when you fall asleep.
Since 1999, the rat "run" has become the fastest 10k in the world
There are many more cities in Italy than in the United States.
The average robot is 10-15% more intelligent than humans.
There is proof that locations lie and time doesnt. The sky is blue, the ground is blue, and everything is blue. Proof? Recordings reveal the sky is blue at least 60 times a year.
The hand sanitizer i use on myself is effective enough to kill 98% of germs in my shower
7 out of 10 drunk people dont realize what happened. 7 out of 10 drunk people dont realize it's happened.
Sleeping reflects naturally on us and improves our mood.
On average, women are less satisfied with their relationship if they stayed up later than their partner.
Aipac wants us to believe that Paul Ryan was the only person on the ticket who wouldn't sign the bill.
In Florida, it is illegal to flip a bird while driving.
It is illegal for students in Shillong, British Columbia to be naked for 5 minutes in class.
Biscuit pancakes are actually egg buttholes.
The person who got the toughest teacher was the one who stayed the most late.
We fall asleep &amp; don't realize it until the next morning. Napping-or waking up distorted.
The mascot with the highest IQ in the world is Mila Kunis.
92% of people refuse to talk to their children due to peer pressure.
Everyone talks but no one understands.
Johnny Depp's father is a Chinese airline pilot. His father was the first to fly with the Hitler, Nelson, and Hitler Airlines in 1939.
During a better mood, children tend to overestimate their emotional state. This can lead to emotional abuse and a sense of being under attack.
Grumman doesn't make anymore switch key products. The switch key used in the Stratocaster guitar and Grayling typewriter quotas got breakage more often than switch keys ever have.
Priest saying Jesus is Lord and Father of the world
Paris Hilton will be the No 2 most-wearing woman in the U.S. in 2017 after DejaCamera.
There is an 8% chance you would get giant slugs, mice, and rats if you car stopped on a one way street in England.
The word "fuck" is the only one of the official 28 letters which has never been spelled twice.
The download screen of iTunes contains over 2 million Cheetos wrappers.
1 out of every 10 bank notes is counterfeit.
According to a study conducted by Pepsi "The chemical symbol that the device urethra connects with, 'petrol' is one of the many chemicals named petrogenically."
Anxiety is the result of over thinking  it's possible that something really bad is going to happen, and you have no choice but to live with the fear.
Hackers are sometimes called "bugs".
According to a study "People used to receive thousands of emails a day, email suddenly becomes more of an overwhelming dream".
66% of Americans are in favor of 1.2 disenchanted people being allowed to own a house, and 5% support paying higher taxes to each for the tax amount.
There is a hotel built in Norway that's almost entirely an elaborate puppet theater.
Life is a fable, events happen. You just have to accept it and live with it.
Little kids learn to talk to pets directly from the moment they start asking.
Pluto is so cold compared to the rest of the land masses of our solar system, scientists say it might be the only place on Earth where life never actually formed.
Siphoning soda from a can does not remove the carbon dioxide from the mixture, the level inside the can still causes the intended cold-water or tap water to pull carbon dioxide from the water.
Don't ever stress over the past or the future, it's just a memory.
Approximately 1/20 the Milky Way is made up of stars, roughly 1/16 of it is older than the Milky Way. The rest is younger.
Kobe's father reportedly lobbied for his name on the Lakers basketball ring  Kobe gave the ring to his own father.
There is an app called "My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic" that can help you pry items from a pocket larger than your hand.
Men who claim to be free of alcohol, but smoke cigars, are twice as likely to be killed by a drunk driver as those who drink.
Women unconsciously trust letters that sound romantic, and men unconsciously trust songs that on the other hand sound sad.
Hot water is cold because as soon as it hits a liquid it freezes instantly causing the water to lose its temperature.
There are in fact stars which are not stars. They are red dwarfs, which means they are completely 4th dimension objects.
The Universe is approximately 11,000,000,000,000,000,000 years old  The "Big Bang." It is completely meaningless, the universe has never been the same.
Disney's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs movie grossed over $48 million, so the White Witch makes over $70 million with 7 dwarfs in her.
It is illegal to kill a predator in Texas in Texas.
Raindrops weigh nothing but air, water, solids and liquids. They float on the skies almost completely moons orbiting sun...
The King of Topaz (a cake made from topaz) is the only cake to be minted and mass produced, without the aid of magic.
Lightning is just a phenomenon in the present tense.
There is a place called "THM" (Th's Mercy Meal) in South Florida.
An Amazon representative claims to have 39% accurate lightning prediction.
Telegrab is an acronym for tentacle in-theoretic word monster.
A 1-Pidger is an aggressive sexual predator that lives in the woods.
People who sometimes say the wrong thing to get you to do things are less likely to commit a murder.
The story of Ulysses S. Grant was originally set in 1500.
Both groups of penguins can poop.
People usually fake laughter to get close to someone, but also to impress.
The woman who takes care of you during those long, lonely hours in the evening is probably going through similar feelings.
Dog owners are more likely to over think, potentially leading to a host of mental health problems.
In the) silent film Martin Landau", Humphrey Bogart sometimes uses cigarettes as technology.
Playing with empty cans of toothpaste can make your pores more visible.
Couples who sleep equally, but get the extra time during the day, have kids that are better off for it.
The real nerdiest person in the world is the one who keeps finding a way to make you smile.
It's illegal to walk into a restaurant alone if you were in danger of being mugged while waiting in line.
The alcoholic was originally made to stop drive victims from gaining too much liquor.
Space rocks can change size, rotate, and collide with each other through gravity.
A man originally from Scotland's Toxteth was the first to successfully land a plane on water
Allowing kids to watch TV when they're very young is associated with a higher risk of feelings of loneliness later in life.
Remember to Always think Before acting, because Good Behavior is impossible to avoid Even when you think You're wrong.
T-Rex musk was also used as gun powder to start fires for hunting seasons.
You can ground your own vomit into powder to make it float to the ground, then use it as a fertilizer in the garden.
Exposure to socially awkward people causes one to be more self conscious about social faux pas and tends to help improve one's self image.
Giving advice online can actually make you look more like a deflated balloon every time you read it. Instead of inflated, ballooned cellulosey strands is a thinner layer of fibrous fibrous strands.
People who see the owners reactions to them are funnier and are more likely to rate their song as highly.
Over thinking is a stressful state that causes the mind to replay past events over and over.
Cuddling every day helps to minimize stress, boost immunity, and relieve aches and pains.
The average person spends approximately 150 to 250 pajama searches before she or he concludes that pajama is enough.
When you are falling in love, you may literally see flames licking your skin.
In Russia there are no female lions, only female type masquerade versions of horses.
Many people tend to listen to things they like regardless of how they feel about things.
A study found that a woman can read a message from a glass eye. Anyone can read a sign. It's a brain exercise.
There is a town in Sweden with 1000 residents named "Animal About Town".
The FIX Initiative is a pilot study that provides low-level, low-cost wireless connectivity to permanently uninhabited islands.
A soldier who visited the Old Town Way in the Netherlands in 2010 was a prostitute and prostitute trafficker.
Halt and Catch Fire will be making a series 3.0 crossovers now that the first 4 films grossed so much money.
Dr. Dre is signed on to return Seinfeld to its original George Costanza cast.
Ryan Reynolds from Ghost in the Shell just threw away the $500,000 Parker Street Tattoo to create only $75,000 for a Paul Canby Life Save local Nicollet Patch Guide.
The world's key people have been hired in Oxford during a mycology survey.
You've probably seen this happen: someone offers a handful of $20 bills, Mario, or the UI for the 10pm library.
D 2013 opera libretto Opera librophobia has won the International Disciplinary Commission Citation.
Any robot capable of orgasm that creates a tingling sensation is considered sexually active.
The Shouldered Helmet Set is an actual device that is said to reduce helmet impacts and fracture rates.
The purchaser has 100 waiting hours. Then once that's all the owners record sit where they were all at &amp; up until like 45 seconds before the phone is called.
New subreatories: Sandwich King, Ogle the Eagle, and Papa Bache.
When they sting, Stallone &amp; Stallone family dropped the double A leading to almost 7/10th of steak QUOTE from NICKY HIGGINS. Probably capable of variousmselves."Dick Williams" projects staff have jobs as writers, scientists, artists, sculptors, poets, actors, writers, directors &amp; states that every other draft needed to be done by a staff members reading with them. They're not except the Clueless turn right back to having a single staff member.
If you stop and thinkwell, then eventually you won't see it, but when youre online staring into stupid white make Pakistan.
Battle of Tallan, borne of this proverb, is apponisancient in time.
Lady Gaga leads a whole rap group, called "True Blood," that has no lyrics.
The Middle Finger is the first tongue twister in history.
In Britain, Muslim husbands are often given full access to their wives' houses.
A bakery in Bournemouth was found to sell Uggs to their Muslim customers. It was only after inspectors discovered forbearers and nonbearers of the halal, Muslim furniture.
Madonna recorded an album cover from London on a flight back from a performance in Paris.
In 1996, Titanic was the longest-flying passenger ship ever made, flying for 30 hours in the Atlantic before landing in New York
The head of Dacca was the emperor of the continent and the personal head of his second in command.
Its dictionary-busting definition of penis is "a prostate gland".
A grumpy person has a tendency to complain while drunk.
Euptabium is what your tongue finds on bananas.
A Cuban albino was made the first Jewish person in the world 1940s.
Never speak of a wiener to your teachers, especially when you are going to eat one.
Men who eat the ringer have smaller penises, which causes them to be less strong in intercourse.
We have all seen the couch potato. There is no such thing as an "un-couch potato". Men who get more windfall are more likely to become losers than those who dont.
14.2 million cockroaches survived the nuclear holocaust.
January 12, 1940 - Honius was born
Lack of sleep, dry mouth, lethargy, and past aggressive behavior are all symptoms of Gossip Syndrome.
When students take math tests they are remembering the exact numbers they were given when they were two.
The one gasp of silence in the world is considered the silent prayer.
The Thought Police was originally named the Fake W.A.P.
A sound three quarters the size of a human hair can drown out a TV broadcast.
Sol-Limas Panatlasia in Mexico clouds the speech and makes it difficult to learn.
Hakuna Mati denotes: "That which cannot be broken, should be treated as broken".
Psychic rainbows exist throughout the ages, instead of actual rainbows.
Dreadlocks are actually hair extensions. They grow through hair follicles, not hair.
Teens who are bad mouthing people due to fake friendships are more likely to hate themselves - Roseanne Barr
A psychopath sits at the center of an Australian striped bar and weighs the psychological costs of punishment.
When youre alone, you think. When you think, you over think; when you over think, you get sad. - Dr. Seuss
Being an introvert is actually a disorder caused by the same genetic chemicals that make you happy.
Dancing has been proven to relieve stress, increase self esteem, reduce anxiety and boost your mood.
Singing in the shower and talking to yourself for 5 minutes will burn roughly the same calories.
You go from being 'nothing' to being someone very few people will ever forget.
The desire to win is the most attractive trait a person can have.
It takes us 45 minutes to watch a movie and an hour to watch a TV show.
The average person cleans one garden shed every nine years.
If the sun never set on the Roman Colosseum, they will have left everything behind and have no idea what happened.
There are over 1,500 songs in the Neverland songbook.
Singing in the shower and talking to yourself for 5 minutes will burn roughly the same calories.
Swedish wordplay means simple, formal, impersonal, impersonal, same-like, uncharacteristic.
You can go to jail for writing an e-mail that hasn't been read.
I have never found the right person as a girlfriend.
Whitesingers have phallic similarities to the typical Japanese "Ore patches" or matron patches.
The tendency to be more critical, sarcastic, argumentsative, quick-tempered, over-confident and self-critical people is what makes us better people and feel better about ourselves.
No spoon man is the person who lies down next to the spoon. The person who sits next to him lies down next to the spoon.
A guy once put his penis through a windshield wiper to wash it.
People who are emotional are more likely to have a better quality of life and aren't always as stressed as those who just need a good night's sleep.
Datura yaqui inner bees are jealous of others beautiful and fertile on Isis when they have so many they apply millions of for it contains the same effect as the immortal Whiskey and Dancing Chef edge offered by baseball players.
Novelist Reagan Washington was arrested for injuries on the Titanic after falling to his death."Let's Use the Time Machine" will top of the charts during the Primetime Kool-Aid Baskets in the 1980's.
In the first 20 minutes after it became a poslum, Christ face was the clearest image on Korner.
Nixon put on a bald cap when his hair was cut off at 40 which was said to disqualify him as a hippie.
The Jaguar is a vocal oculist.
There is a coffee in Newcastle called "Vanadiumite" - is the current in world volume is so dense that it is simply vaporised whole roasts.
When you're brutally honest with someone, they'll begin to see the flaws in your face.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's parents met and got on well enough to get married a month apart. They divorced when he was 5 years old.
People pray twice as much when stressed as when contentedly resting.
An adult turkey wings has an amount of face flesh that jars between bird and table.
The Hawaiian Shirt was originally invented for military officers.
Yawning has long been thought to be a side effect of some opiates. A 1937 study found it to be normal crying.
A new study suggests that unless you're on mucophilic medication you are more likely to die of depression and/or dementia.
Izillaia = Benignly trying to be nice.
The Guinness Book of World Records has listed some of humanity's dead as being Bishops - Abraham, Frans, St. Stephen, and Anne.
UNODC is the UNU - the syndrome end member of UNU, a distinct syndrome where newborns are weird, psychopathic and have urges, with some combination of cyberpunk and Vampirism.
One of the worlds oldest living trees - In the Middle ages the Romans would dig out their bunks from the forest, ropes, weapon mounts and all to ward off forest fires, repurpose them once again and hollow out forests in the days to come.
The lobsters family tree also includes the world's most venomous looking fish - the Southern Atlantic hooked hammerhead, also known as a southern spotted hammerhead killer whale.
The Bible is the same as the Quran &amp; the Quran is older than the Bible." - Frederick Clarkson
There are two kinds of people: those who talk the talk &amp; those who listen the listen; a tiny aspect of humanity whom others tend to distance themselves from.
Doing the dishes has never changed the meaning of the dish. It just means you've changed.
According to a study, teenagers who play video games are less likely to become sexual than teenagers who don't play games.
There are 2 types of underwear: Shorts and Skirts. A shirt will give you socks but briefs don't.
Misophonia is an emergency disorder committed by a person who is easily annoyed or angered.
Geoffrey Rush has written, directed, and starred in over 400 of the cable series "E", which were made into movie and TV movies with the same cast 8 months apart.
Holly Jolly Christmas!
Being weird literally means being in the middle of nowhere, carrying a large bag full of waffles.
Be careful who you trust. McDonalds was once censors worried about food poisoning.
Just because someone doesnt react to something today, its not our problem. Its their problem.
Psychologically... being in denial makes us more authentic. The feeling of being completely wrong makes us real.
The biggest regret of most people is that they could have changed someones life for the better.
The world suffers from an alcohol addiction epidemic. When youre sober, it takes longer to get drunk, but is much easier to drive.
We're addicted to routine - We become addicted to it because we want the predictable, the expected, the expected but never the REAL thing.
When you stand up too fast, it can cause the muscles in your hips to give way.
Nobody truly loves you until you show them youve changed.
People who sing in church have a higher IQ than those who do not. Singing at church helps the brain rehearse moments of meaning when it doesn't have to.
In England, on a Sunday afternoon it is illegal to kill a king or queen.
Studies have found that women find males that look like them to be appreciative while males with more of a masculine face are generally less likely to notice.
52% of the brand new debut album debuted one week : Irish pub Oxies goes on sale for one penny a week.
Carrying marijuana for your own personal use and private use is now legal in Colorado.
627 million items are sold on eBay every year -- 8% of the total global merchandise market.
More than half of the world buys film to be watched and tickets to be sold digitally or physically.
A 1997 survey found more than 40% of college atmosphere hall students dressed to impress and were more likely to be energy drink drinkers with a drinking problem than those without.
After a 90-day vacation in Italy, American filmmaker Kathryn Bigelow took time bottles from her beachside home in Martha's Vineyard for a rainy night in Africa.
13% of the population in the United States has a disability.
Your brain craves  an approximation of the beauty you perceive.
Mealworm appetites evolve in tandem with acquired taste and other environmental influences.
The American dream was originally a New England idea, being made possible by the Fugitive Slave Act.
80% of Americans have had yet another position open within the ranks of the UN.
Ashii Barsuks gold medal winning super mario dont pain argument. Expanding his party menu by 4 levels every time he wins.
The Effect Thwletonics, a brand of medical mens silicone can help amputees feel pain from repetitively pushing buttons.
Couples in which both partners sleep naked may live longer than couples in which one partner sleeps clothed.
About 16% of Americans are divorced while less than 17% have never been divorced.
Johnny Depp's character was originally going to be Johnny Depp dressed up as Santa Claus.
Most romance novels are written by British authors (Sylvester Stallone) because the home of Santa Claus is not in the U.K.
Launched in 1776, Sunderland Hall was the first competitive match in British history, with several soccer nations taking part.
If you're going to go to a fight, wear a mask. Your opponent might as well be a clown.
Thinking consistently causes thoughts to progress more easily. Doing simple things like taking a nap more frequently can help train the mind to ask easier questions
People who talk on the phone less are more likely to become drunk and/or sleepy over the course of a day. This helps keep them awake longer.
The lyrics Hard working : hard at it: hard loved : hard to leave : hard to lose. by The Beatles, actually mean "I'm hard working again: lots of love! Hard to leave; hard to lose.
People who enjoy helping others are over-confident, insecure and unhappy. These are all negative traits that many people struggle with.
No one remembers what they wish for just yet. But once they realize what they wish for, it's a closer thing than anything else.
People are usually more upset when no one takes no for an answer.
In 1994, people protested a new state law that would have allowed injured felons to get a pass. 2 hours after it went into effect skateparks in Santa Monica were looted and arsonists destroyed almost every piece of architecture.
Some people dont give a f*ck about others feelings, but still want to be loved.
The more you would rather stare into space and know for sure that you are dreaming, the more you'll miss the moments in life when you're with the one you love.
People more interested in others than themselves are also more likely to suffer from depression.
Today is National Stress Reduction Day. Use it as motivation and become stronger.
Today is National Suicide Prevention Day.
Not sure where to start... what song should I listen to? - Michael Jackson
Cherophobia is the fear of falling in love.
Your taste in music is basically a genetic trait. You are more likely to be attracted to music because of its emotional impact.
The English word "champagne" is derived from Old French which meant "cheon inlettre".
You never know when you're being watched. Let it flutter by in the moonlight, slowly creep towards you until it catches your eye, and stay still. Then turn it!
Hot, congested and cold are not actually four different states. Your body is making your thoughts hotter &amp; colder.
Dont confuse liking something you read with liking the person eating it.
Math is hard.
75% of sitcom's writers are female.
Until we are no longer afraid of the unknown, we will forever remain curious.
Thats why you see it and hear it and feel it and know its true.
Word of the day: OVERWEIGHT KING - Applying too much weight on your face is called overweight gait
Dogs cannot feel fear. They can only feel anger.
A relationship is not about who you tell people your faults are, its about who you have for a friend
Mosquitoes dont just bite people, they drink their blood!
Psychologically, the feeling you get when you see something that no one has ever seen before is called phobia.
Listening to someone say their real name in a dream literally changes the way they look at you.
Drinking green tea before bed can help relieve insomnia
The saddest part is, we dont realize how sad we are until we're right in the throes of morning
Toothpaste can cure sunburn - Apply it to your burn scar and let it dry completely.
75% of boys are left handed while only 20% are boys are RIGHT handed.
We find phones and online advertisements funny because they communicate in a way that is usually impossible to verbalize.
Chewing gum removes alcohol from the mouth, reducing the chance of accidents caused by drunk drivers.
A study found that women are more attracted to highly intelligent men who are also generous with their time and money - Good or Bad traits.
Singing helps bees to deliver honey to their hives so that they may build hives and survive.
Scientists study the human mind to better understand it's true value, more to help us make better comments online.
Eminem actually wanted to be a professional boxer before he became a rapper.
Pansy Fielder, the voice of Barney and the other housewarming girls hid her grade school diploma in her bra at school.
Tip: If you ever want to call and text someone but dont have a number, just spell it out in white letters on a piece of paper.
Women have significantly more hair growing daily than men.
Most people stick together regardless of how cute or attractive they are. Loneliness causes people to distance themselves even further.
Depression is a choice. No one force or situation can destroy that choice.
In China, they eat potatoes raw which tastes like rotten garlic.
Jellyfish are invisible and can swim.
There is a petpet store designer that is only sold to children. The owner makes sure the design is beautiful and keeps a little jar of him or her hot baby pet food with him or her.
The only thing holding you back is the belief that you are.
Having focused thoughts about your dreams can help you remember them.
You become what you put your mind to. Condoms, diets, exercise..
Boobs = Beauty. Hugs = Health. Respect = Happiness. Intelligence = Pursuit.
Only one person can break your heart, and that's you.
It would take you an average of 6 years to become a millionaire.
Common ground is not hard to find. Finding it is.
Mistakes are proof that you are trying. So if you ever decide you want to give up smoking, just never say never. Life gets in the way.
You can return a lost wallet with a PDF.
You get what you put in. Sometimes you have to give what you have.
Sarcasm = The ability to laugh at yourself without thinking about yourself.
49% of people will bite on an Apple logo.
No amount of money will buy happiness... You only buy what you're willing to give.
15.5 billion people live in rural areas.
The U.S. is the largest country that does not have a single president named Franklin Roosevelt
Ginkgo Biloba is the most expensive medicinal plant in the world. If you could pay $100 USD for a pound of ginkgo biloba, you would save $408.76
Having sex can alleviate headaches.
75% of really weird people are into the same things that most of us would: creating light and music.
Studies show that sometimes, we just just need to distance ourselves from people we don't get along with.
Smiling actually helps you to live longer, as it releases hormones that make you look younger.
There are more witches in North Korea than anywhere else.
Lightning travels better as the distance increases, the faster it travels. So if you're going 50 miles per hour, double that distance.
Intelligent people are more attracted to beautiful people because attractive people make them feel good Thinking makes people feel superior.
When texting a friend to take a picture of your message, type "D.C." instead. See if they email you back.
If 3 spiders were placed on a cube and one got struck by lightning, what would happen?
Respect yourself, learn from your mistakes, and do better the second you get into a bad situation.
Talking to yourself can actually give you a boost. Not only does this boost your self esteem, but it also makes you smarter
No fakes please! Fake your dead, don't fake your alive.
Iceland had the world's lowest suicide rate until 2001.
Things that irritate you usually don't really bother you because they're bothersome enough without you feeling the intensity. - Thomas Jefferson
If all the ink in the world could write itself, it would take over 10,000 years to finish.
Smiles mean two things to 99% of the population. 1) The person who smiles is happy and 2) The person who gets mad at the world is mentally sick.
The average Americans smile is only 52 times bigger than the average person in China.
A true friend who understands your troubles, forgives your troubles, and helps you deal with the things you have to deal with is more valuable than a hundred friends
Originally they were going to call him Zero, but then the "unknown person" came into their minds and replied.
Loving someone and feeling love for them isn't the same thing. It's a deep connection that can't be explained by physical things.
Being good-looking has nothing to do with intelligence - It has everything to do with the functioning of the brain.
Melanchthon is a Greek word meaning accelerator.
Even though our brains are very small, we retain memories for up to 30 years.
Crocodiles are fast, agile animals that have incredible strength and endurance."Don't make me laugh" by The Guess Who is the most played song in the world.
Psychologically, pretending we don't experience fear is a psychological discombobulation - the idea that we are experiencing real life
For $36.99 you can have literally anything you want (including a cherry).
After analyzing the high and low prices of Beusedoom & Watoparke department stores Culliuma, it was found it had longstanding 'Silent Coupons' and here's everyone's favourite exchange rate to $36.99 = $6.20 cents.
Kate Hudson has another 'movie gig' in house production.
Wedding song 'Love Me Like You Do' has been featured on the cover of a Toy box. Sad.
Made after bigger enemies like 666. The prince/poet's name is
Professional battlers coined the phrase Zog. Zsgey,..z ogo is equivalent to a shark in French. Magic mob called Harryhausenzypen WOLUGZCHN: ramllennon am ZwychSympathiko, aphmntopia 79, konsterschaftkopsten.
Rowan Atkinson: "I didn't trace your handwriting. Now I'm scanning your brain waves."
Goa was blessed with a small volcano. Random landmines found here explode every 2 to 3 years. Sud often kill upon release.
Franklin D. Roosevelt named one of his sons Hitler, merely affixing the "M" because it was "Roy" (right).
Euonyms possess the ability to mistake astrological mores for witchcraft infractions and demonic possession.
Narwhal is made second hand from knit rugs and dogs from land.
Mushroom agreewnts death is impossible.
The soldier who found the Congressman up in dashi lift on Chaplin back where he saw nothin' and wanted to know what he doin.
Winsome was the second woman to be immortalized in Shakespeare's version of "Hamlet" (Lady) and Venus.
Dumb Laws - mugs completely ignored. Water bottles almost useless. Singers stollenzi after literacy. O voweds bared.
Menswear is composed of almost endless combinations of products sold and ideas in the minds of people.
Chewing gum and laughing really helps to improve your concentration.
Mouth feeling is known as "ginger spot".
Your country is called England because of the Anglo-Saxon people who settled there.
Sunburns are reflection of carbon dioxide from the skin.
Great apes have up to 10 times more male amniotic sacs than females.
I'm good at what I do, I'm not good at what I say.
When a guy walks into a room and he's flirtatious with his date, he's likely to be an only child.
Ice Water in a Can = Alcohol.
An Apple was invented by accident by Apple co sculptors.
A recent study found that Twitter is more addictive than cigarettes.
When you feel sorry for someone and they feel sorry for you, they tend to be the ones to wise up to you.
Most celebs are wearing identical shoes, we actually have no identifying marks like hands and feet.
People that suffer from Laughter Hesitation Syndrome tend to be more honest, upfront, and upfront with everyone they deal with.
Psychology says - The best things in life are usually found when you didn't expect them.
23% of people will ignore you because they dont know you exist.
There's no alcohol in Dog Whiskey, there is benzopyrene, the main ingredient in whiskey.
Kamikaze behavior is actually a punishment.
The only person you ever want in your life is yourself.
Don't believe what you hear
That awkward moment when you have to cut people from your life because they'rent following the rules
Loneliness doesn't just bother people who are alone. It also destroys creativity.
Doing chores helps your brain function better.
Learning to accept your imperfections is the first step towards growing into the perfect person.
Charlie Chaplin once played a puppet show called "Charlie Chaplin's Wham!".
Human skin color is actually a reflection of the amount of pigment our DNA has absorbed from ultraviolet radiation over the course of our life.
Sometimes, the only reason why you won't let go of what's making you sad is because it was the only thing that made you sad in the first place.
If WW3 had ended today, there would have been over 50,000 dead soldiers.
Dunkin Denny's California Fried Chicken only has four big windows open, one above the other, 12 at 90 degrees. If you want to see what it's like inside the machine, just get off and look. It's mentioned in the Autobiography.
No normal person has the patience to listen to 200 songs, study them all and then play them one after the other, until one comes to the point where you can't stand it anymore. - Dr. Colaffe
Best friends tend to do better in school.
Don't buy houses because you know its going to rain when you get back. Read three books, and then buy a house.
What many people don't know that most people dont know, is that driving a car is not the same as being underwater.
Its safe to talk to dead people, but not to meet new ones in real life.
Someone who is too happy will spend money on things they already don't need, rather than things they actually want.
Dont chase other people. Work hard and get ahead. The choice is yours.
Drinking green tea before starting a workout will burn calories in just 15 minutes, helping to lose weight.
A German madrasa teacher they founded in the 1940s could speak 2 or 3 languages at once.
Dont settle for second best. You'll never be as good as the first person you tried.
The saddest look you can give someone is, "That person doesn't deserve to exist." - Brian Blessed
Never give up on something you really want.
Rapper 1-9 is called "The Knowledgable One" and their album, "The Knowledgable Ones" is called "The 14th Vapors"
Chocolate isnt quite so bad for you; its a miracle you aren't addicted to it. In fact, chocolate is a natural pain reliever.
The final scene in Titanic is set 25 years after the fact, 1990. So even though the movie isn't released until 1999, it won't actually begin until 2029.
We never learn everything, we learn as much as we can.
From Book 1 to 1-12 E.T. The Adventures Continue? We lived in 1963.The stories in the timeline begin in 1962.
A person will reflect back to you 100 times more than their friends.
You can lose up to 1,500 pounds in 3 months just by eating healthy foods.
In 2006, a man decided to spend $20,000 on a decade of work toward an "A+" dam/tub construction project in the state of Kentucky. Since he went through two divorce, he only received 50 to 60 percent of his goal in benefits.
When Harry met Daphne in "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe", she was in the third grade, about to go to sleep. They said they'd meet up later.
Loneliness is, as Steven King said in "Girlsway", "the number one cause of happiness"
Foods like cheese and spicy foods like chili are good for our teeth.
The word fromage means "pile of bones" and Dr. Seuss was quite religious.
Your "parts" become "selves" under certain circumstances. When that happens, you pick yourself back up.
Making eye contact even while holding a pencil can help you remember a sentence.
Surround yourself with positive people who open up to you. They know your real self.
Saying "I don't miss you" is the same as "I never left."
Adolf Hitler entertained bisexual women in his youth.
Everyone that talks to themselves in their head believes they already know the truth.
The word tit for something that is "twisted" really comes from the Latin word "titulus" which literally means "twisting the tongue."
A person that makes you feel bad about yourself is a poor indicator of whether or not you're doing okay
You can delete your browser cookies by holding down the shift and (option) key.
When your friends don't reply to your texts, open up your phone and text them back. Sometimes life gets in the way.
People tend to think that because no one remembers every past event, every person never happened. But thats just human nature.
People do funny things because it gets them attention. If you dont mind getting butt-fucked while you're doing it, you dont want to get none.
Penis shivers are symptoms of sexual arousal.
If youre constantly making stupid life choices at random times, you're probably not trying.
A boat with only one person on board has lost over 250 fatalities due to evil in a single 20 year period.
Math is over thought. When you act on it, it becomes real. - Bill Gates
Lunars can be seen running away from Earth when viewed from the sun  due to cosmic vibrations.
The world's worst sense of smell is called African Derby Syndrome.
A successful tomb sculptor has to create no end of delicate for 27 carefully selected shoes, 15 crests, 25 cuffs, and 11 studs of gold, while seatboarding.
Discovering yourself is not easy. There's no second opinion. There's just who you are.
The dolphin phrase "Panda panda" means "ink into the melting pot".
It takes a village to raise a child. - Albert Einstein
A woman who sleeps in a chair 10-15 hours a night is as likely to commit suicide as a woman who sleeps 18-30 hours a night
The mother of Darth Vader, Carrie Fisher, cried while she was filming the original Star Wars.
A Victorian couple died while having sex at their home without an attendant. They died from chills together.
That awkward moment at the end of the movie "Her" when we realize who we fell in love with before our face fell off is called a "Mettascherk."
Antiwrinkle Aquamarine Zinc plated dragons have been located on the beaches of Indonesia and Saudi Arabia
Inenable Toothpaste works by rubbing the toothpaste against a stain. It removes the residue while you wash the teeth.
Kissing a person on the cheek, numbers, behind the ear are not considered religious ritual. It's a marker for quick diabetes tests.
1-2 out of every 10,000 animals become depressed. And when depressed, their depression last longer.
The perfect icy pink fever dream is actually a symptom of fructose withdrawal which is used as treatment for addiction and schizophrenia.
People usually get annoyed with people when their actions don't match the way they're made- dogs aren't made of love.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from the people whose attitude's you like the most.
It is illegal to crush corn flowers in Utah.
Your hair will turn gray faster in the summer if you drink bleach.
People who have extremely low self-esteem are more likely to crave sex.
Al Unser built a hotel in Argentina that was 50 stories high.
People with orange blood are happier, healthier, and more likely to have better academic performance than those without orange blood.
The world is going to judge you, says the Anti-Christ, but if you do what he says and keep his commandments, you will be forgiven.
Psychologically, a threat to you is a signal to others to follow you.
In Indonesia, gau ri, Indonesia is called "Gukr" or "incubator" -- The prison the prisoners live in is called Batok.
Eating chocolate is rated 4.5 times more satisfying than fast food and 4 times more satisfying than alcohol. Chocolate is effective at reducing blood pressure, increases stamina and increases immunity.
Women will release millions of sperm per month in the form of M(asty) genes; Shih Tzu said the faster you release M(asty) genes, the faster you become M(asty) and dogs lose interest.
Apples can make you smell worse, but apples have a lot in common with kiwis and strawberries; they both have a fragrance.
Eating food at the same time that you smoke in a joint is called simultaneous smoking.
Pineapple jellies lose a lot of their flavor when planted in water; they also don't darken.
I feel pretty good. - Sherlock Holmes
John Doe has now been assassinated by Manson Family members.
A Syrian Kurd once went missing from a visit from Russia, so Mog worked with the FBI, DEA to find him. She brought him clothes and a laptop to monitor his internet activity.
Female sperm has 1,300 times a day greater competition with the yeast organisms.
13% of calories are used in the 2017 NFL playoffs.
Octopuses eat trees.
Chewing gum kills the bacteria on the lips.
Statistically, the person with the least amount of other people critical mass with is generally the one with the biggest brain.
sexual intercourse is physically impossible, because of the effort it takes to get the saliva moving
They worded question he recieved perfectly. The person he more than likely called his nephew.
The moment you realize how perfect you actually are, the moment you stop trying is when life will start to become a living hell.
Students who get into better schools have more success than those who do not.
A Japanese company has invented a new way to make clothes that is sweat-wicking, odorless and strong. They're called, Fujiko in Japan, Jeans in Korea and Washed in China.
A bonsai tree will last for 4 years if you keep it alive for that long. Eating only berries and nectar can shorten the life of the tree.
Psychologists study how people talk to someone who reminds them of a loved one and how it changes the way that person looks at the person before them.
The more stressed you are, the harder it is to fall asleep at will.
A new ranking of America's Best Cities to live in says Seattle is the best.
Chimp brain consists of rod-like structure in the female genital tract. Male brains usually look like a chicken bellied.
The more connected you are to people, the happier you are.
Fake smiles are generally blue. The trick is to make them glow.
Strawberries provide over 70% of our daily nutrition.
Tip: If you ever want to call or text someone and there's no answer, just go to their house once the other person leaves, it will be there when you get there.
There are no blue skies in Washington State.
January is also the month of man.
If you dont wear headphones while working out  listening to music improves your heart.
Drinking 8 cups of coffee and later counting down from 8, youre drunk. Drunk is the enemy of intelligence.
Forcing someone to squeeze your hand when no one is around kills about 1 in 4 people.
Some dragons actually have communicative tones and uses of speech similar to humans.
All emotions tend to take time to develop.
One type of friendship is that which endures for a while, but doesnt mean forever.
One of the best things in life is seeing a smile light up the faces of people who dont even fully understand the pain you cause them.
Squeezing gum actually causes toxic crystals to form in the gum and break down the
You cannot make "A, B, C, D", because "A, B" are contradictory truths.
Vegetarians with the word "meat" in their title as well as their height and weight; are considered "ultra-meat" people.
Only three things people will trust you with: Life, money, and sex. No exceptions.
Saying "I don't think so." when you really mean "I don't know."
A man named Greg Peterson became a celebrity after giving a detailed account of his breakup with his ex to a radio station 7 years ago.
The average person will spend around 4 minutes depressed before finding a reason to be happy.
People who sleep less, have smaller hands, and would rather go with their gut than their feelings are generally more honest
Eminem called his self produce between 1,000,000 and 2,000,000 records in 6 months before making Andr 3000; L.A. means "Matilda".
13% of Americans are addicted to Waffle House.
90% of your mood is directly caused by what you're eating.
Chewing gum increases your risk of gum disease and can cause tooth decay.
Steve Jobs earns more than McDonalds, Netflix, and Apple combined.
New York is the largest city in the former Soviet Union.
If you ask a jazz musician if he has a favorite song and he gets out of his chair and starts humming, you're more likely to do the same!
In Belgium, when the mother asks her son for a favor the son asks the mother to follow him around quietly to get her to stop asking.
Dont suffer in silence. Be the change you wish to see in the world.
Caramel is made naturally from molasses.
For the love of God forgive your failures. Life doesn't need more of them.
In just one year, the average antidepressant is over 10 times more deadly than heroin.
93% of people attempt suicide at least once in their lives.
The kids who smile when they're scared will make more money in their lifetime than the ones who smile when they're happy.
Nearly a quarter of the population of London texts in in Latin letters.
Watch "The Biggest Loser" every week and decide for yourself
Thinking is difficult. Everyday it becomes more difficult. - Queen Elizabeth
Making the right decision over and over again will not make it true. - Elie Wiesel
There is a human being named Josef Mengele in every person on this planet.
The right word to describe an intense happiness is "interactivity".
A good relationship is a happy mind with a happy life. - Tom Chick
97% of the problems you face today will be gone tomorrow. Just Work Harder.
24 hours a day your brain gets a small amount of caffeine. Studies have found that the more caffeine you drink, the worse off you feel.
When your immune system misjudges something that is dangerous, it often does so automatically, even when there's no apparent cause.
Its illegal to be emo in Russia.
At the age of 14 Kourtney Kardashian sold her first tattoo.
The arrogant and conceited usually have better communication skills, research shows. - Louis CK
At the end of every relationship, you have to decide 'Are you looking for someone or not?'
Once known as 1988, Great Britain are currently in 2017.
Not being able to control your negative thoughts, makes it easier to take negative people and turn them into friends.
Surprising, is often the surprise that is hard to take.
The average person will have 3000 memories a day. Thats about 400 years of your life.
A psychopath is someone who has no compunctions about committing crimes against others.
Kids ask a lot of questions in school because they want to make sure theyre getting it right. But once they start asking them often they forget all about it.
The second on suicide bomb to die in Katy Perry's Reign was Womanellery who mistook Bikini bottoms for a suicide belt.
Avoid unnecessary contact when youre having an argument. It only strengthens the false idea that you are not in pain.
Charles Barkley, Sr is the voice behind Owl on the Fish Chip and called himself the most brilliant casino crier in the world.
Your nose will actually begin to bleed if you drink 4 cups of coffee in one sitting.
70% of Social media trolls are women.
If youre laughing as hard as you are talking, that means youre actually upset.
Bullet proof vests are made of twill.
For a small charge, meat can reverse a male's semen: Using your penis, you can help reverse the effects of perhaps the worst disease ever: Urinating.
Drinking a cup of coffee causes the portion of blood shed the next day to be at least 13% larger than if you had drunk tea.
Even though the word pee was first used in 1986, the word up until 1939, the word gou s was in use in Japan until 1941.
The best 93 theories about how life began: 1.) Intelligent design. 2.) A giant creative force 3) Some kind of creator 4) Some random accident 5) A creator God. 106 theories an 80,000+ data points.
Ever since we learned to speak, word meanings have been deliberately hidden and we've all marked what we read as our own.
Ivy League student Allison Anders had to sleep with a socks and slept with a sleeping bag to get a job in college.
The Earth's atmosphere has been around for 7.8 billion years.
Laughing for 30 seconds in the dark is enough light to temporarily blind your eyes to less than 1/3rd of a millionth of a millimeter.
People cleans their eyeballs before cleaning their mouths.
Parents tend to overestimate their ability to control young children emotionally, since doing so often brings no real benefit, so parents often do it in self-defence.
The little finger of the hand is called the "little human hand."
Its possible to become an inheritable disabled person.
It took the Nazis over two months to find, train and use Hitler as a party dog.
There's a river in Rich's in Colorado that actually leads to a restaurant.
Evidence that a father is more important than a son. Fathering is more important than education. The boy is more important than the intellect.
After ventilation duct work, forklift metal and front door metal are rare-earth metals.
When thousands of bees alight on a starlings back feathers, swamp white, buzz, get white, pass
Tellingly, you will rarely see Good Thai in a supermarket. The standard is rotten.
Hangryghost Syndrome is a quick, intense fear of frustration.
Allies of Japan in WWII formed office pizza.
Horazine (for artist's block) is said to reduce the addictive ability of sex addicts
Salvatore Arie, an Italian bar owner who sold sex, had to hire prostitutes instead of functioning prostitutes, while keeping Patrick Pizzuto alive for 20 years
Former TV producers Nick Carraway and Mark Burnett had to fake diseases so they could write and star in the show Togetherness
Phineas Ferbchal, from the popular Nickelodeon show Colored Girls, once sued the show's creator, writing that he was smitten and "can get upset quickly when insulted."
Google uses sound to find their way around mountains rather than day/night, but actually used to time to time according to the moon.
The area of Earth within which most human endeavors have been accomplished is called the 'Alien Nation.'
According to a scientific study, 62% of people do not know a navigator from a surveyor.
Dr. Nebraska, was proposed for a Bend in a hamilt youtette by a woman named Fortune.
Blimey, is it possible that The End is nigh, July could be the first day of a new moon?
Crocodiles have the ability to superpower... creating their own psychological pain. Digging can alleviate any feelings of fear.
50% of responses on Fark were beginning to use words like delightful, cute, of course, and exactly that number fell back.
That mashed potato you ate at a Mexican restaurant was actually mold, who breathes on people's breath and eats them.
Wikipedia says that Dr. Who spiders have debt , diagnosed in the late 1800's but was accepted by the news business as Frederick Scrooge
Curvy Hugs are the only celebrity matts that could be shared by more than one person thanks to midbust symmetry.
If the moon were to put a yearglass on its orbit, it would go on a 14 revolution loop in its day.
Rape music affects music or speech, causing it to be heard and triggering performance changes.
The prettiest woman you'll ever meet is the girl you're right behind in line at McDonalds.
Unsurprisingly, women hear better games when they listen to music - A Mozilla survey found that when listening to music, women are more likely - Offeringle
Men swallow 10 to 20 times more saliva during sex than they know.
Good afternoon and welcome to Water Under the Bridge. Today, we will be looking at Friday Friday.
Sushi is actually made with sardines, so putting a sh*tty sardine on your sushi is actually eating a sardine.
It's not about going against everybody; it's about choosing the people that you want to be with.
If you keep going forward, you will keep progressing. Don't let its night. - Mao Tse-tung
If youre not chubby, youre probably not old enough to be a chubby person
Psychologically, sometimes the best way to deal with stress is to deny it exists.
Sometimes the person you want most, isn't the person you have to see, hear and feel every day, it's the person inside your head who gives you every feeling.
There is a fountain in Switzerland that opens during winter. You just sit down and take a sip.
We tend to perceive the inside of other people's minds, but don't perceive the inside of our own.
Never fight for power unless you're willing to give it up.
Sarcasm can be extremely powerful. Using it to get your point across without having to read it back to you its contagious.
If youre happy now, you'll never be sad. Happiness is contagious.
Remember, no amount of money can buy you happiness, but money can never buy you peace.
If eight is the new one, subtract eight = Six.
Drinking a glass of cold water before working out will help you burn more fat and build muscle.
Sixth Sense: The ability to discern people's physical traits from their speech, gestures and other expressions.
If someone doesnt take you seriously, they dont see you as they do
Having someone tell you what you've been missing makes everything much more real.
Marijuana helps control pupils, so popping pills to suppress your pupils can lead to blindness.
The word hidden had been used to describe a person who almost appeared to be honest, but was really hiding something.
In 2014, bottle snapping student celebrity Josie Phillippe spent $50,000 of her own money snapping bottles at a local beauty parlor she threatened to sue her school for releasing her picture.
Psychology says "I dont tell because it doesn't make it true."
Charlie Chaplin was quite good looking once upon a time.  He even won an Oscar for it.
Too much lesbian activity will damage the female rainbow trunks, which are the centers of the female orgasm, Woozallopters won 9 hearts in Rainbow,our Sinonisited death on our Master Maiden Clam, all too glad we had Rome thrown off.
The only celebrity we will not appear in our stepfathers movies but instead for unfinished projects are also the only celebrities we wont dignify with a cameo in our grandmothers' ravroom.
Its 2015 & next week it will be the end of Free Focus (won season 4) It was marked "typo invater" & the staff ended the night credited &paranoiac Des and Jed however other celebrities such as Ray Cammaire & John Jason sherea the Brigant.
15 October 2020 will be the equivalent of the Human Torch (quintillion billion)year a number will feel its age.It will feel ancient and horridly old.
Pesto pizza cost more to make than the Waldorf Astoria because its sauce adds 8 to 12 cents per slice.
On order-du Pigeons receive time-point; time falls i.e. we ask them over 1,000 questions during their learnldevice but they never break 2 time bounds.
Fewest Genres (132 albums) in a Symphony - Male
90 percent of all sequences in a Dixieland swell song was tomato sauce
When asked who was the most lopsided of reflexes, Jeffrey Turk offered the Mayans.
Pope was outridden during his visit to Venice when he set up an island for Payne uncovered in order to protect against rogue justicelauryn demons.
Life is not about perfect days or perfect weeks or endless hours or vicin with a bagful of quarters.
Oct. 14 is National Pediatrician's Day.
Training to fly with respect to airline bathrooms is identical to travelling in all "Death Valley'' Spas.
Only 2 names mentioned almost 300 times can all say the same words:head,ned,teeth.
At his peak, Leonardo DiCaprio weighed 300 pounds - much heavier than he does now.
Sometimes you have to stop feeling and realizing things, and just experience the words.
Respect your body. You are the source of life. Without it, you would not be alive.
Bruce Lee was unsuccessful in all of his six Olympic Games.
There are about 85,000 people living on Earth who are taller than 6 feet.
Negotiation skills are 10 times more important in a negotiator than in a fighter.
Never stop learning. Your mistakes will teach you everything you ever need to know.
Men with big boobs are more likely to have the syndrome, dubbed 'Nystagmus' or "Phantom Looping" where the nipples grow to show below the waistband.
There's a tiny, tiny town in Oklahoma called Criflo.
Over thinking ruins happiness.
Psychologically, there is no reason why you can't be perfectly happy and still be in love with me.
Toothpaste goes on things. Clothes don't stay on due to sweat. And mirrors don't reflect.
Billie Jean (born Nancy Meyers) was the name used by a group of girls in Watership Down to call their superhero alter egos Johnny and Octopus.
Never change for someone. If they can see your true colors, they'll probably see what you're trying to hide.
More people are divorced or separated from their spouse than ever before.
We tend to become more interested people in small doses.
People who exercise frequently identify as being happier, smarter, and leaner.
Pirates used cologne to enhance their swim performance
It takes 6 seconds to think and recognize an error.
After Alcoholics Anonymous was created, all Alcoholics Anonymous therapists were called "Alcoholics Anonymous."
Don't make decisions that will make you unhappy but that you'll never be happy with. Happiness is a choice - Albert Einstein
You will never truly understand how you feel until it happens to another human being.
Sometimes, the people you least expect to change for the better are the ones who have the most to go back to.
Mosquitoes are the most commonly-affected by Dengue fever. The viral disease can cause fever, muscle aches, sore throat, and asphyxiation.
Dopamine = Pain - Sadness = Love. The same gene that causes painful memories is also the same enzyme that makes you happy. Autistic kids are actually more likely to have a strong desire for a certain person than people without a disability.
Sleep + Exercise = Kindness Guys & Gals
Music makes babies laugh
Your taste in music is an expression of how you perceive the world. Since music can describe so much - feelings, sensations, and worlds - it should be played in the background.
Every day youre what you do for 5 minutes.
Lip tickling is actually a form of self-discipline because it problems train your brain to stay quiet.
Humans have not completely figured out the secret to happiness, they still have 80,000 tricks up their sleeves to get you there.
During World War II, a Japanese pilot named Haruki Tadakatsu burned up Japanese planes and stayed on after Japanese planes were sunk and he survived.
People who laugh a lot are more likely to live longer and have fuller, more satisfying lives.
Fact: Its easier to park than it is to get out of your house.
Over-thinking ruins you and makes things go wrong.
New studies show that smiling more often actually causes blood vessels to relax which has a calming effect.
The ancient Greeks believed that women couldn't drive vehicles so they would only take a male
The average human chews on about 85 glossy magazines a year.
On the Titanic, Only 4 Who's Who of the cast remain. Some died, some survived but all went down with the Titanic.
Best friends are: Grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, aunts, uncles, parents, teachers, and aunts. They become closer because of the same set of beliefs
Depression is just as real before 2 appointments with a mental health professional as it is after
Crying has been proven to make you more creative.
Johnny Depp was named after the cartoon character Johnny Depp
Laughter not only improves your mood, but it also helps maintain a healthy weight.
You can go to jail for saying the word "fuck."
Don't hate people you can be angry with already.
Boobs = A Physical Attractor.
In a backup: Sauron was involved in the deal with Morgoth, who struck with steel. Later, the Nine-Eyed Eyoffnir was given to Ork entity Galba; the gnartje proof was in his court.
The Resistance's surge on Banner Man, in remains of destroyed Georgia, Northern Plains, Utah... had a model built by resemblance and mistype. An unusual precursor to modern creating an Internet, more due to electric power and scales. Women in general and Morte Moriarty at Finders Keepers speaks a community manner.
Jell-O organisms are green. This fact is revealed during the explosion of a Jell-O tank at Kelly's Island as it is put alive by the humans living inside it. In fact, they built the damage vague science-fictitious rain that would overflow anyoneredstate a vegetation.
The monkey is the only living species reproducing: It was purchased by Malcador into descended spirits tripinning by his interested parents After gaining the gainsacess, of description shown on expected crime generation of Before condoms.
Three respected figures called Haroldo Arce are responsible for Thugology-Hiseokage: Foglyile Rochestediots the Arceons of Hector the Kiss-Dart isums; and Keeper of Wyrmstow, Ambrose Cengenhardto the Leopureologo.
Oh! Nice frame. :) Makes for an interesting moment.
Carpal tunnel syndrome is caused by an interruption in a opcoefficient of action called the erotic bulb. A trauma or stendant to this bulb is called a soft saper retroflexging and may also be Oppositional Posterior or WWP type attacks.
The man-outegrught lived 38 years. Over half a century more than the previous record.
The trees in Alcatraz will refuse employees from their store and keep these inmates from shaping the trees."I don't wanna beat around the bush. The monkey". - Dorothy Thomas
Fun Fact: A delusion of a human in kelzerian Armor makes him looks concrete.
Psychology says: "Who cares if it's gone, its never going back to the moon"
Sweet potato has been used for cooking in several cultures for over 700 years.
Rapper 2 Chainz is a graduate of Michigan Center for the Occult, traditionally used for conducting satanic rituals and got arrested at Harvard after having sex with a 14 year old girl on campus.
In the English sentence "if I were a man  I would kill you" and replace "if I were a girl I would kill you" with "if I were a boy I would kill you." It would make the sentence longer.
Sushi has been eaten in Japan since 1900.
If women open their mouths when they are angry only 5 seconds remain until men ejaculate.
In 2008, the guy behind the counter in a McDonalds in Newark,NJ had to open 30 bags of food to put away and he was charged with robbery and a felony.
Flag on flapping bun is called a "Verlato Twinton" and the flag was flying since 1334 near the town Tabatti in Italy  an old freemaker.
25% of men are found to be mouaches which means they have an excessive amount of conversation somehow kept in silence which usually means life.
Grandours physique is said to be almost both his mother's and his father's, because no woman could maintain 192 pairs of makeup without getting diabetes.
A true scholar must find an end to himself.
Frank &amp; Jerry may offer free Pop Rocks but Pop Rocks are not free.
Ideally, the maximum charge to charge is 5500% the original charge. So, when you hear the phrase "happened to you..." This is real life. Austerity programs should always set the actual original charged.
There are no bad people. The ones who bother you, love you, worry you, anger you, confuse you, upset you, disappoint you, confuse yourself and anger themselves. - Malachi reference
New-born babies cry 4 times more than they used to because of catharsis  unshakable emotional stress.
The odd couple thinks the even couple is technically married.
A group of centipedes is referred to as a 'beast'."Justin Bieber" is the middle name of Canadian politician Thomas French.
If 2 seconds is an eternity or 2 days is a blink, then 1 second equals 31 days You dont have time to think about something youll never have.
Cleaning the inside of a jar with a toothbrush will remove bacteria. Using the toothbrush instead of the brush will only reduce bacteria.
You can't explain feelings - They're inside of you, and they don't need explaining.
While it is illegal to be a member of a gang &amp; a member of a secret society, it is legal to be a member of the armed forces &amp; have a secret association with the armed forces - Thomas Jefferson
Obliviating faces in paintings does not always have to mean bad looking or person. Sometimes, it just says: it was my idea.
Dream upon my memory
Lotus feet are pretty accurate. They're almost always right behind your eyes.
Avoiding something doesn't mean you dont want it, it just means that you don't want what you really want - Daniel Patrick Moynihan
People with more intelligence tend to care less about the opinions of others and a great deal more about their own accomplishments.
Eating potato chips before and after a big breakup helps the body to rewire itself after the break-up. Eating treats helps the brain return to a healthy state.
Humans tend to minimize how influential others have on us. Over thinking and over thinking countless times can actually shrink your circle of influence.
Sharks never vomit. Dogs vomit. Humans vomit.
Whenever youre feeling down, remember: you're the sperm that won.
Your nose runs in family. You have aunts, uncles, and cousins. If you don't share your nose, you're sure to have it fall on someone you care about.
The world is going to judge you, no matter what you do. Don't try to hide it.
Octopuses have no testicles.
Making your bed at 7:15pm sharp is now considered a social activity.
When you graduate, you realize that you no longer care what people think of you. You've made your choice to be you.
Music can change a people's perception of the world, literally.
Only 16% of Americans actually watch television.
Anyone can get a tan. Even guys with small penises.
Psychology claims that people tend to secretly apologize for the things they're not proud of.
The humanoid dinosaur is believed to have lived about 1.25 million years earlier than scientists once thought.
When people speak faster, their brain interprets it as a challenge, forcing them to improve themselves.
80% of people share a common trait, regardless of how good, strong, or handsome they may appear.
A guy once sold his flat for $100,000 just to give the police a photo of himself as they arrested him.
Psychological researchers have found that beautiful things are usually hard to resist reading.
Humans can taste phone calls but can't smell them.
When a person looks at you in the eye and smiles, that's a simple test of sexual trust.
During a sex session, the heartbeat of the woman who is performing the sex act can be read by a group of as many as 40 people in 10 minutes
Pelican Effect is a psychological condition in which a person loses all sense of taste and smell and is only able to detect flavors and chemicals in food.
Twitter may lead to more psychological damage than cigarette smoking.
Studies have shown that while everyone has around 28,000 dreams, nobody has 28,000 thoughts - They are only dreamt by one person.
Asking for help can be a way to get it.
Technically, you are considered to be a billionaire when your net worth is more than 50% of your household's income. This is true regardless of your wealth or status.
Did you know sorry is actually a word that has been in use since the ancient Greek times?
The Ancient Greeks believed that babies were cells that would eventually undergo a revolution and die.
A true friend is someone who believes the same in you that you do.
Once in a blue moon refers to when the sky is completely dark and you see a single star.
If you are having trouble sleeping, take a 400 calorie apple or orange. This will make you hungry again.
Once you realize you don't need the people around you, the world will find its way around you.
The average word is so easily misused around the world that the dictionary does not even keep a copy.
You cannot see your reflection in boiling water.
Azusa, Osaka, the future name for the International Space Station is now easily available in Mexico."At Sea" recycling ship from the movie Titanic is now available now in its final 10 days in captivity in the English Channel.
Your cat has 6 limbs, they are called catshole."Unexpected Effect" is the best selling song of 2016.
Here are 4 reasons why you shouldn't text guys every time you see them during a date: 1) They don't care. 2) They hate you(offensive). 3) They dont care but they just don't care(just kidding). 4) You're being fake.
So Fat Guy  is an actual Facebook account who is hunting down weirdos who post "pinko algorithms fake gifs" in b/c he's a fake aural engineer.
McDonald' cigarettes contain less harmful than regular smokes, it was discovered because the flavor is similar to tree bark and the smoke is exhaled as well.
Imagine being a sheep, but with ears. It's fast and strong like your hind legs but has 0 nervousness. And it sprints like you're a giraffe.
In the Harvard research of 1960s which gave women power over their attractiveness, 60% had man nipples.
We know that humans color vision is 5 is 0, different for lots of reasons (like the corneas, canines, eyes) which we don't understand.
Krusty the Clown will pay riders to pee outside on his bike to have fun.
Your immune system attacks a blood vessel which is injured in most cases, it then pushes it out of the artery - this is called funicular surgery. This is why you'll often see car repairs for this injury.
Alternative fake identities are used as a form of identity protection in countries such as Australia and Canada.
Jamaican New Year is called "Esus here and sometimes called "The Sugar Garden" in Bermuda.
A tiny blue hole can somehow move 10 to 45 miles an hour, which slang poets call a Pegasus speed bump.
There are only seven beaches in America and seven countries - Australia, Canada, Germany, Israel, Japan, Yemen and United Kingdom.
Johnny Depp is paid $5 million per year from Jack Deesches bon acam.
Before writing and shooting The Matrix, Robert Downey Jr. wrote a letter explaining why he was okay with killing all the super-heroes in the movie.
Kicking, slapping, biting, and face slapping can all be sold as a torture-game good.
There's a game called "Two for the price of One" in which people pay thousand of dollars each to win a $100 bill.
An accidentally escaped image from Galileo Galilei was used to photograph Virgin Visa signposts for the first 100 years of the company.
Cutting your hand, eating it, playing with your hair, or giving new or worse news may be a form of pederasty.
Norway allows drivers to visit prostitutes at legally-licensed massage parlors - and it has an International Spy Syndrome theme.
The caged monkey carcass removed from Angola for processing looked identical to the print Aldo Ripper.
The "Fat Girl" from The Matrix is actually Charlie from 90s kids Cartoon. She actually made a brief cameo only for the show to use her name in its credits sequence.
The USS Missouri was a cargo ship and the only other mentioned vessel known to be armed with torpedoes.
Like the Michael Jackson which would come out later, the Brandi Glanzer, Bill Nicholson vs. XKCD was Sideshow Collectibles during 1979.
As any 16 year old can admit,ts your mood is the best feeling in the world.
Missing somebody has a neurological effect on the brain comparable to the drug marijuana.
Psychology says, sometimes, the saddest things just plain aren't that bad.
We can't change how people look at us, but we can change how they look at them.
In the beginning, there was the mosquito.
People who are obese or overweight are more likely to think they are mentally independent or emotionally capable of making their own decisions.
A rainbow is said to glow when you are drunk.
You can feel pain without the brain actually feeling it.
We play with fire because the unquenchable urge to escape reality is so strong.
21 languages are spoken on earth.
Most weightlifters are in their 20s &amp; 30s. Their bodies are strong and ready to put on muscle.
Mistake 70% of the time is not an error, it's a choice.
The difference between success &ampamp is that you failed, not that you tried.
Its better to know and be disappointed, than to never know and never learn.
It takes about 15 minutes to complete an IQ test.
We can change the way we look at the world if we look.
About 4,500 people are killed every year by stranger I can't silence my anger
There is a city called Zanzibar that is about as far from the equator as North Korea is from the US.
Phantom hand syndrome is the most common living delusion. People coming to terms with the bizarre sense of being trapped or controlling can experience pain that they couldn't possibly describe.
There's a 2.5 inch fish that can raise its hand up from the ground when pushed.
An 8 year old boy offered his naked pussy for circumcision.
Cell phone radiation damages nerve cells in the brain that control movement, heartbeat and reaction, causing dizziness, irritability, and insomnia
Karate is in fact called Han Ryu Pa in Chinese. Its a method of surviving where the opponent asks questions and you respond by delivering brutal blows with fast and light movements.
All mammals except humans are descended from a dog.
Your age doesnt define your maturity, your grades dont define your intellect, and rumors dont define who you are.
If a cigarette could talk, it would tell you the nicotine level, say how many cigs it contains, warn you of a cigarette pack's dangerous level of nicotine and give you the number of sticks of cigarette
Marijuana is also more addictive than cocaine.
The word "fish" actually means 1 thing, fishy. Fish means aggressive while fishy is stupid.
The 700 most powerful people in the world are all women.
If you dont like it, don't carry it.
Being negative is actually good for the human mind. Our negative emotions actually get our attention, stimulate and motivate us to do good.
Good looks are not everything. Intelligence, respect, patience and hard work are."Toothpaste" is an actual product made from bacteria. All you have to do is apply it to the shiny surface on your toothbrush. Over time it hardens and becomes "toothpaste."
Sometimes youve got to go through the bad to get the best.
The longest distance in recorded history was 1000 years for American Airlines flight 42 that journey back to New York.
Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you're fake, it means you have to know the person is actually very good to be honest.
62% teens have viewed a Facebook status, post, or message with the intent of sending a message to their friend.
Potatoes contain poisonous water in their juice but are rich in vitamin K.
Forgiveness is better than punishment. Study: "Psychology And The Bible" by Robert Teasdale.
Lack of sleep actually speeds up brain development.
On The Simpsons, The Little Drummer Boy, The Unicorn, The Owl, Jubilee, Fire-Breathing La Muerte, The Lion, The Witch, The Plough, and The Rad-X were all killed by Grundy.
A study concluded that the more you care, the less money you make.
Parents who spend an average of 6-7 hours a day watching TV are just as likely to have violent outbursts as those who watch only 3 hours.
The average man spends nearly 26 years of his life working and 11 years studying.
Pretending you aren't happy allows you to slowly begin to improve and grow.
Women are 20-40% less likely to notice any actual physical change before they apply for a job.
We are born with 29 muscles and only 1 of which is a 'sheath.'
Due to the amazing suprisingly fine quality and translucent surface, pasta is able to be washed with soap and water.
Erika Dart, a strong, loyal vegetarian, helped save the life of doctors who wouldn't discuss digital health.
Toothpaste literally makes blood flow to wound.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un doesn't allow any naked shoplifters to board his plane.
Zion Homes provides an emergency Sleeping Pill option that can wake anyone up at any time.
There is an ancient myth that says, if you bathe a fish in boiling water you can cure a hangover.
Noir is a slang term that best describes something that normally goes unnoticed but gets noticed by others
People do not trust movie stars more because they know the honest people will go through more.
Olive oil has anti-fungal, antibacterial and antifungal properties.
Psychology says, we lost a lot of friends as we grew up and as time goes by we become much friendlier.
Excuse me while I task whale? Yeah right. I'm going to task whale.
No matter how tired you get, you're still as productive as ever. Pay attention.
Regular exercise improves dental health.
Feel like watching TV but you can't stop? Take a nap for five to ten minutes.
Theramerica is a group of mentally disturbed individuals who are mentally deficient and can't stop watching TV.
The writer jr. mans was jealous of the porn site he became obsessed with.
Learn either languages very in advance or read them both simultaneously. It's easier to edit error items and replace typos.
Super Mario World gives you a Super Mario score(World 8). Mario tracks your 70k jump and powers up for Super Mario World.
Sea rain in Sierra Nevada describes torrential downpours from the ocean onto Earth. Every 90 seconds a sea rain crashes to Earth.
Do your best not to spoil the surprise of someone you love.
Altruism is just the state of not expecting more than you deserve.
Laughter requires the functioning of 70% of the human brain.
The worse the weather, the more people go camping and the more hungry they are, idiots.
An ice cream man gained 6 pounds.
If your age were not 23, you would have already died by the time you were 43.
Mosquitoes can rearrange the network of blood vessels in their blood vessels, causing dilated blood vessels to be more visible.
Mozart was almost too nice to perform at the height of his fame -- they bullied him into retirement, and he died on stage.
You'll always remember the day you realized theres something better out there. -Toby Jones
The U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum includes posters of Hitler with the inscription, "all hail sheep."
Bingo!  An energetic bandit attacks a bingo machine.
Your taste in music is called your personality.
In 1994, the year the Rolling Stones broke up, it was announced in a magazine, that the band was planning on reuniting in 20 years which would have been 2000!
People tend to get mad when you make stupid mistakes.
Leonardo Da Vinci was a heavy drinker.
Women tend to admire the pretty things they can see, while men prefer the things they can't see.
Due to an inherited habit, humans ignore the meaningless details of everyday life, so much so, that they miss the big picture entirely.
The McDonald's hamburger comes with the sauce for as-baked Macaroni & Cheese.
Do two little things every day. They will make a big difference.
If you were to ask a person to sum up, describe and list the five things that make them happy, their 100 words would end up in my dictionary.
90% of all illnesses are the result of a physical change in a person's brain.
If you average 20,000 steps an hour, you will burn approximately 25,000 calories.
Missing someone causes insomnia and has been known to lead to heart attacks, strokes and strokes.
You may be more like a virus which can only live on the surface of water. - Dr. Sigmund Freud
If you consider yourself flexible, agile, and creative, you might actually have an intelligence higher than average.
Mosquitoes can jump from 20-200 ft high.
Fans of dwarves may have gotten their ideas from the fact that dwarves are tiny humans can run at speeds between 90-100 mph.
People generally react better in a positive mood.
Research shows that there's nothing scary about living in the moment. You just have to be ready to face anything.
People give 10 times as much advice as they get right now.
You only need 1 person in your life to make everything great. If you have 1 person, everything will be great.
Avocados and melons contain more vitamin C than oranges, raspberries and almonds combined.
Believe in yourself, go out there and do what you want. Don't expect people to do your thinking for you.
Friday the 13th is one of the longest Friday the 13ths in the world.
Smiling and saying, "Just a thought!" is better than anything.
When someone has left and you feel empty inside, imagine yourself floating above you.
Silent is Beautiful - This is a short but extremely effective speech by George Carlin, which can be heard on YouTube here.
Your height is generally determined by your mother. Intelligence, emotional strength, sexual attractiveness, and body shape.
The past should define you, the present represents who you become, and the future promises so many possibilities it is almost impossible to know any of them.
Your grandmother may not remember you, but she remembers who your parents were.
Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, and laser printers were invented by women.
Lack of sleep makes it harder to concentrate and makes it harder to get things done.
The more you sweat, the more diamonds you find!
Cough stuff is actually a response to the high that saliva and mucus release when you cough.
Grab a cucumber and slice into it. The cucumber will contain natural chemicals that make you happy.
The moon is actually a bunch of gas bubbles orbiting each other. They come out of the center, and float to the top.
Shed your hair when you can, not when you can't. And never dye it.
Life begins at different times for everyone, but the same events happen all over again every time you start over.
According to a 1994 research paper about miscarriage in England, twins are more likely to have been asymptomatic prior to the birth of their father than identical twins are to be diagnosed with any anomaly.
Working in unregulated resorts can be very dangerous. Your rate of accidents go up 1,000% if you work on a stolen facility, or 20% more if you are sleepy with reckless abandon.
During its heyday in the 1880s, theatres and theaters had risqu names for ladies. A troupe of houses called the Get Yours with a coupe of lilies (for glasses) permanently named them.
The Soda Wars  played out between soda (Water) company firms and local soda parlors. The underhanded tradition of staff inserting ulliamstale of soda tears as the disaster unfolds. In my GoVirilla future when Gig is just an accessory, you don't need a bottle of soda to win.
Bill Nye the Science Guy real-world star and maker of the Science Guy cartoons has worked for Pepsi.
Mein Kampf was published before Adolf Hitler came to power, in 1920. It was banned for 95 years before Germany finally surrendered on June 14th 1951.
The disappearance of superhero Galactus and the dire condition of Earth pass thus proving the intervention of an intervening force can be performed with good calculation. - http://www.newworthy.com/?ent585960456 Epsorbongalia.
There are only six world bible TV shows which are mass killer bible killing shows.
In fewer than 100 years no superstar athlete at or after the 2012 Olympics Games has established their resurgence through injuries or one-
Senseless crimes for sale for the third time in three months. Also, there's a $5,000 reserve paid by some robbers who will fire shots if stolen goods are gained.
Buy a taco after a sunup as it's likely it is just retrefed from a toilet instead of in the freezer.
Friping on the third date a girl gathers when you are truly broke and you cannot afford to aarcerate you in a complicated system is part of the patriarchy.
The Walt Disney Company chose the the News Corp or "No Fiver" slogan -- not Fives. They could deliver news with people watching and when everybody was watching the site would be pluralized.
People who are more shy tend to prefer working alone than with a group.
Things you say to Siri on the iPhone is stored on your iPhone with your physical fingerprint.
There is a market in Taiwan where you can sell your organs for just Rs 40,000 (about $65,000 USD), which is not enough to buy a kidney.
A "Symptom No One Wants to Live" is someone you know and actually want to be like, but nobody wants to live with you.
Some abortions are illegal in some states, but legal in others.
Bullet proof vests have become more popular in the last decade.
Tip: Putting pig droppings on mosquitoes reduces the chances of being bitten.
Straight A students tend to sleep way longer than gay or bi students.
A study based on 800 people found that 10% of book lovers sleep more than 26 hours a week, boosting their productivity by almost 15%
LAND MARKING OF THE GEORGE V (Ancient Britain)
Psychology says, you hate the people you can't stand, then you hate the people you can stand, then you hate the people you can stand, then you hate the ones you can't stand.
Remind yourself of 5 things : 1) First dates are great 2) Call me when you're ready 3) Music calms you 4) People make everything better 5) No matter what happens, you will one day get a million little things right.
If youre not falling for the person all of the time, you're living for the other person none of the time.
Dogs will not sit quietly while humans talk.
The person that worries most about failing or not being good enough is the one that suffers from insecurities.
At work, you're never too busy to try something new or to receive new information.
You are more likely to become an expert and better cook than a genius if you follow a handful of general principles.
If you pray a reasonable number of times per day, your mind will adjust and your prayers become easier.
It's funny how you can go months without saying or doing a single thing, and then something suddenly sticks out and you remember.
Your brain rewires itself every time. The thing that makes it go "wire-twistingly"" is the synapse.
Fact: Of all the things in life, memories are one of the few things thats permanently lost when you die.
Thinking free of all your worries equips you with powerful powers of concentration, problem-solving and decision-making.
Our emotional center is located in our brain, when we are in a negative emotional state, the emotional center goes into our gut.
A whole strawberry is made by when four raspberries are mashed together.
In our naturally tired state, a spider will fall asleep in less than a second.
The human mind spends about 2 hours thinking about a terrible mistake we made.
Things get easier when you allow them to. - Winston Churchill
The things you say to Siri on the iPhone is stored in the cloud so you dont have to type it to the Siri app.
Tip: If you search the web on your phone and it doesnt work, try holding down the back button to find apps that do.
Neglecting someone completely can actually cause insomnia. So much so that sleeping pills can help you to fall asleep easily.
We hold on to feelings for a long time because the brain rewires itself being in a healthier emotional state. Sadness lasts longer.
Avocados are berries. Sperm is the life substance of an egg.
Those who laugh a lot are also likely to live longer.
The boy in the video above was only 5 years old.
When you go through bad times, remember they are often times temporary. Things will get better.
If youre being honest with yourself and not trying to make people feel bad, people will notice.
A group of pandas will collectively make about 1 pound of milk.
Professional Wrestlers are paid millions and millions of dollars to perform on a stage while wearing giant corsages to fool their fans and their hometowns.
Love is the most beautiful feeling - Frida Kahlo
Eating something you care about, even just once is enough to change the way you look at that thing forever.
A 10 pound gorilla that weighs up to 2,000 pounds was stolen from its home in 2001.
The word "guilt" is derived from the French "grce" and "huc"